<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20070402_10-K_edgar_data_933590_0001169232-07-001733.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>390473</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>291052</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2611</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001169232-07-001733.hdr.sgml : 20070402
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20070402113912
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001169232-07-001733
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		8
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20061231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20070402
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20070402

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000933590
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				351938254
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-25766
		FILM NUMBER:		07736580

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 W SPRING ST
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 939
		CITY:			NEW ALBANY
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47150
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8129496844

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		101 W SPRING STREET
		CITY:			NEW ALBANY
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			47150

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 Nba22x6QQZ5QDWrDx2OUYdKRIdqr2AVLpKLxuHRayT1VzpmGhH1Ice10rYYMo2ki
 Mqy3XOqs4rW5M3Y4bGSWlQ==

 0001169232-07-001733.txt : 20070402

10-K
 1
 d71407_10-k.txt
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D.C. 20549

 FORM 10-K

 FOR ANNUAL AND TRANSITION REPORTS
 PURSUANT TO SECTIONS 13 OR 15(d) OF
 THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 |X| Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
 Act of 1934

 For the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2006

 OR

 |_| Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934

 For the transition period from _________ to _________

 Commission File No. 0-25766

 Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc.
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

 Indiana 35-1938254
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer
 Incorporation or Organization) Identification Number)

 101 West Spring Street, New Albany, Indiana 47150
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code)

 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (812) 944-2224

 Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of Each Class Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
 ------------------- -----------------------------------------
 
Common Stock, par value 0.10 per share NASDAQ National Market

Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
 None

Indicate by checkmark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES |_| NO |X|

Indicate by checkmark if the Registrant is not required to file requests
pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES |_| NO |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the
Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such
requirements for the past 90 days. YES |X| NO |_|

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer. See definition of "accelerated
filer and large accelerated filer" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.

Large accelerated filer |_| Accelerated filer |_| Non-accelerated filer |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES |_| NO |X|

As of March 15, 2007, the aggregate market value of the Registrant's common
stock held by non-affiliates of the Registrant was 70,475,914 based on the
closing sale price as reported on the National Association of Securities Dealers
Automated Quotation System National Market System. Shares of common stock held
by each officer, director, and holder of 10 or more of the outstanding common
stock of the Registrant have been excluded from this calculation in that such
persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status
is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

As of March 15, 2007, there were issued and outstanding 3,429,996 shares of the
Registrant's Common Stock.

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Registrant's definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting
of Stockholders to be held on May 15, 2007 (the "2007 Proxy Statement") are
incorporated by reference into Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14 of Part III.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 2

Form 10-K
 Index

Page
 ----
 
Part I:
 Item 1. Business 4
 Item 1A Risk Factors 9
 Item 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 12
 Item 2. Properties 13
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 14
 Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders 14

Part II:
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
 Purchases of Equity Securities 15
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 17
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operations 18
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 32
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 34
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 79
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 79
 Item 9B Other Information

Part III:
 Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 79
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 79
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 79
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 79
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 79

Part IV:
 Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 80

Signatures 82

Index of Exhibits 83

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 3

Part I

Item 1. Business

General

Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. (the "Company") is a bank holding company
headquartered in New Albany, Indiana. The Company's wholly-owned banking
subsidiaries are Your Community Bank, which changed its name effective November
1, 2005, from Community Bank of Southern Indiana ("YCB"), and The Scott County
State Bank ("SCSB"), which was acquired on July 1, 2006 through the Company's
acquisition of The Bancshares, Inc (YCB and SCSB are at times collectively
referred to herein as the "Banks"). Until November 14, 2003, the Company also
operated four bank offices in Jefferson and Nelson County, Kentucky through its
wholly-owned banking subsidiary, Community Bank of Kentucky, Inc. ("CBKY"). On
November 14, 2003 CBKY was merged with and into YCB. The Banks are
state-chartered commercial banks headquartered in New Albany, Indiana and
Scottsburg, Indiana, respectively, and are both regulated by the Indiana
Department of Financial Institutions. YCB is also regulated by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation and (with respect to its Kentucky branches) the
Kentucky Office of Financial Institutions while SCSB is also regulated by the
Federal Reserve.

YCB has three wholly-owned subsidiaries to manage its investment portfolio. CBSI
Holdings, Inc. and CBSI Investments, Inc. are Nevada corporations which jointly
own CBSI Investment Portfolio Management, LLC, a Nevada limited liability
corporation which holds and manages investment securities previously owned by
the Bank.

YCB also has a Community Development Entity (CDE) subsidiary formed in July 2002
named CBSI Development Fund, Inc. The CDE enables YCB to participate in the
federal New Markets Tax Credit (NMTC) Program. The NMTC Program is administered
by the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund of the United States
Treasury and is designed to promote investment in low-income communities by
providing a tax credit over seven years for equity investments in CDE's.

In June 2004 and June 2006, the Company completed placements of floating rate
subordinated debentures through two trusts formed by the Company, Community Bank
Shares (IN) Statutory Trust I and Trust II ("Trusts"). Because the Trusts are
not consolidated with the Company, pursuant to FASB Interpretation No. 46, the
Company's financial statements reflect the subordinated debt issued by the
Company to the Trusts.

The Company had total assets of 816.6 million, total deposits of 549.9
million, and stockholders' equity of 65.5 million as of December 31, 2006. The
Company's principal executive office is located at 101 West Spring Street, New
Albany, Indiana 47150, and the telephone number at that address is (812)
944-2224.

Business Strategy

The Company's current business strategy is to operate well-capitalized,
profitable and independent community banks with a significant presence in their
primary market areas. The Company's growth strategy is focused on expansion
through organic growth within its market areas. The Company offers business and
personal banking services through a full range of deposit products that include
non-interest and interest-bearing checking accounts, ATM's, debit cards, savings
accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit and individual
retirement accounts. The Company's loan products include: secured and unsecured
business loans of various terms to local businesses and professional
organizations; consumer loans including home equity lines of credit, automobile
and recreational vehicle, credit cards, construction, and loans secured by
deposit accounts; and residential real estate loans. In addition, the Company
also offers non-deposit investment products such as stocks, bonds, mutual funds,
and annuities to customers within its banking market areas through a strategic
alliance with Smith Barney.

Internal Growth. Management believes the optimum way to grow the Company is by
attracting new loan and deposit customers within its existing markets through
its extensive product offering and attentive customer service. Management
believes the Company's customers seek a banking relationship with a
service-oriented community banking institution and feels the Company's banking
centers have an atmosphere which facilitates personalized service and a broad
range of product offerings to meet customers' needs. However, the Company will
consider acquisition opportunities that help advance its strategic objectives.

Branch Expansion. Management continues to consider opportunities for branch
expansion and is focusing its current efforts within existing markets.
Management considers a variety of criteria when evaluating potential branching
opportunities. These include: the market location of the potential branch and
demographics of the surrounding communities; the investment required and
opportunity costs; staffing needs; and other criteria management deems of
particular importance.

Lending Activities

Commercial Business Loans. The Company originates non-real estate related
business loans to local small businesses and professional organizations. This
type of commercial loan has been offered at both variable rates and fixed rates
and can be unsecured or secured by general business assets such as equipment,
accounts receivable or inventory. The Company has increased its origination of
commercial business loans over the last few years. Such loans generally have
shorter terms and higher

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 4

interest rates than commercial real estate loans. However, commercial business
loans also involve a higher level of credit risk because of the type and nature
of the collateral.

Commercial Real Estate Loans. The Company's commercial real estate loans are
secured by improved property such as offices, small business facilities,
apartment buildings, nursing homes, warehouses and other non-residential
buildings, most of which are located in the Company's primary market area and
some of which are to be used or occupied by the borrowers. Commercial real
estate loans have been offered at adjustable interest rates and at fixed rates
with balloon provisions at the end of the term financing. The Company continues
to originate commercial real estate loans, commercial real estate construction
loans and land loans. Loans secured by commercial real estate generally involve
a greater degree of risk than residential mortgage loans and carry larger loan
balances. This increased credit risk is a result of several factors, including
the concentrations of principal in a limited number of loans and borrowers, the
effects of general economic conditions on income producing properties, and the
increased difficulty of evaluating and monitoring these types of loans.
Furthermore, the repayment of loans secured by multifamily and commercial real
estate is typically dependent upon the successful operation of the related real
estate project. If the cash flow from the project is reduced, the borrower's
ability to repay the loan may be impaired. The Company has increased its
origination of multi-family residential or commercial real estate loans over the
last few years, but attempts to protect itself against the increased credit risk
associated with these loans through its underwriting standards and ongoing
monitoring processes.

Residential Real Estate Loans. The Company originates one-to-four family,
owner-occupied, residential mortgage loans secured by property located in the
Company's market area. While the Company currently sells a portion of its
residential real estate loans into the secondary market, the Company does
originate and retain a significant amount of these loans in its own portfolio.
The majority of the Company's residential mortgage loans consist of loans
secured by owner-occupied, single family residences. The Company currently
offers residential mortgage loans for terms up to thirty years, with adjustable
("ARM") or fixed interest rates. Origination of fixed-rate mortgage loans versus
ARM loans is monitored continuously and is affected significantly by the level
of market interest rates, customer preference, and loan products offered by the
Company's competitors. Therefore, even if management's strategy is to emphasize
ARM loans, market conditions may be such that there is greater demand for
fixed-rate mortgage loans.

The primary purpose of offering ARM loans is to make the Company's loan
portfolio more interest rate sensitive. ARM loans, however, can carry increased
credit risk because during a period of rising interest rates the risk of default
on ARM loans may increase due to increases in borrowers' monthly payments.

The Company's fixed-rate mortgage loans are amortized on a monthly basis with
principal and interest due each month. Residential real estate loans often
remain outstanding for significantly shorter periods than their contractual
terms because borrowers may refinance or prepay loans at their option.

After the initial fixed rate period, the Company's ARM loans generally adjust
annually with interest rate adjustment limitations of two percentage points per
year and six percentage points over the life of the loan. The Company also makes
ARM loans with interest rates that adjust every one, three or five years. Under
the Company's current practice, after the initial fixed rate period the interest
rate on ARM loans adjusts to the applicable index plus a spread. The Company's
policy is to qualify borrowers for one-year ARM loans based on the initial
interest rate plus the maximum annual rate increase.

The Company has used different indices for its ARM loans such as the National
Average Median Cost of Funds, the Sixth District Net Cost of Funds Monthly
Index, the National Average Contract Rate for Previously Occupied Homes, the
average three year Treasury Bill Rate, and the Eleventh District Cost of Funds.
Consequently, the adjustments in the Company's portfolio of ARM loans tend not
to reflect any one particular change in any specific interest rate index, but
general interest rate trends overall.

Secondary market regulations limit the amount that a bank may lend based on the
appraised value of real estate. Such regulations permit a maximum loan-to-value
ratio of 95 percent for residential property and from 65-90 for all other real
estate related loans.

The Company occasionally makes real estate loans with loan-to-value ratios in
excess of 80 . For the loans sold into the secondary market, individual investor
requirements pertaining to private mortgage insurance apply. For the mortgage
real estate loans retained by the Company with loan-to-value ratios of 80-90 ,
the Company may require the first 20 of the loan to be covered by private
mortgage insurance. For the mortgage real estate loans retained by the Company
with loan-to-value ratios of 90-95 , the Company may require private mortgage
insurance to cover the first 25-30 of the loan amount. The Company requires
fire and casualty insurance, as well as title insurance or an opinion of counsel
regarding good title, on all properties securing real estate loans made by the
Company.

Construction Loans. The Company originates loans to finance the construction of
owner-occupied residential property. The Company makes construction loans to
private individuals for the purpose of constructing a personal residence or to
local real estate builders and developers. Construction loans generally are made
with either adjustable or fixed-rate terms of up to 12 months. Loan proceeds are
disbursed in increments as construction progresses and as inspections warrant.
Construction loans are structured to be converted to permanent loans at the end
of the construction period or to be terminated upon receipt of permanent
financing from another financial institution.

Consumer Loans. The principal types of consumer loans offered by the Company are
home equity lines of credit, auto loans, home improvement loans, credit cards
and loans secured by deposit accounts. Home equity lines of credit are
predominately made at rates which adjust periodically and are indexed to the
prime rate. Some consumer loans are offered on a fixed-rate basis depending

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 5

upon the borrower's preference. The Company's home equity lines of credit are
generally secured by the borrower's principal residence and a personal
guarantee.

The underwriting standards employed by the Company for consumer loans include a
determination of the applicant's credit history and an assessment of the
prospective borrower's ability to meet existing obligations and payments on the
proposed loan. The stability of the applicant's monthly income may be determined
by verification of gross monthly income from primary employment and from any
verifiable secondary income. The underwriting process also includes a comparison
of the value of the collateral in relation to the proposed loan amount.

Mortgage-Banking Operations. The Company originates qualified government
guaranteed loans and conventional secondary market loans which are generally
sold with the servicing released. This arrangement provides necessary liquidity
to the Company while providing additional loan products to the Company's
customers.

Loan Solicitation and Processing. Loans are originated through a number of
sources including loan sales staff, real estate broker referrals, existing
customers, borrowers, builders, attorneys and walk-in customers. Processing
procedures are affected by the type of loan requested and whether the loan will
be funded by the Company or sold into the secondary market.

Mortgage loans that are sold into the secondary market are submitted, when
possible, for Automated Underwriting, which allows for faster approval and an
expedited closing. The Company's responsibility on these loans is the
fulfillment of the loan purchaser's requirements. These loans often have reduced
underwriting features and may be made without an appraisal or credit report at
the option of the purchaser. Loans that are reviewed in a more traditional
manner, which are mostly loans held for the Company's own portfolio, require
credit reports, appraisals, and income verification before they are approved or
disapproved. Private mortgage insurance is generally required on loans with a
ratio of loan to appraised value of greater than eighty percent. Property
insurance and flood certifications are required on all real estate loans.

Installment loan documentation varies by the type of collateral offered to
secure the loan. In general, an application and credit report is required before
a loan is submitted for underwriting. The underwriter determines the necessity
of any additional documentation, such as income verification or appraisal of
collateral. An authorized loan officer approves or declines the loan after
review of all applicable loan documentation collected during the underwriting
process.

Commercial loans are underwritten by the commercial loan officer who makes the
initial contact with the customer applying for credit. The underwriting of these
loans is reviewed after the fact by the Risk Management area for compliance with
the Company's general underwriting standards. A loan exceeding the authority of
the underwriting loan officer requires the approval of other officers of the
Banks based upon individual lending authorities, or the Board of Directors of
the Banks, depending on the loan amount.

Loan Commitments. The Company issues loan origination commitments to qualified
borrowers primarily for the construction and purchase of residential real estate
and commercial real estate. Such commitments are made with specified terms and
conditions for periods of thirty days for commercial real estate loans and sixty
days for residential real estate loans.

Employees

As of December 31, 2006, the Company employed 241 employees, 207 full-time and
34 part-time. None of these employees are represented by a collective bargaining
group. Neither the Company nor any subsidiary has ever experienced a work
stoppage.

Competition and Market Area Served

The banking business is highly competitive, and as such the Company competes not
only with other commercial banks, but also with savings and loan associations,
trust companies and credit unions for deposits and loans, as well as stock
brokerage firms, insurance companies, and other entities providing one or more
of the services and products offered by the Company. In addition to competition,
the Company's business and operating results are affected by the general
economic conditions prevalent in its market.

The Company's primary market areas consist of Floyd, Clark, and Scott counties
in Southern Indiana and Jefferson and Nelson counties in Kentucky. These are
four (excluding Scott County) of the thirteen counties comprising the
Louisville, Kentucky Standard Metropolitan Statistical Area, which has a
population in excess of 1.2 million. The aggregate population of Floyd, Clark,
and Scott counties is approximately 197,000 while the populations of Jefferson
and Nelson Counties are approximately 700,000 and 41,000, respectively. The
Company's headquarters are located in New Albany, Indiana, a city of 37,000
located approximately three miles from the center of Louisville.

Nature of Company's Business

The business of the Company is not seasonal. The Company's business does not
depend upon a single customer, or a few customers, the loss of any one or more
of which would have a material adverse effect on the Company. No material
portion of the Company's business is subject to renegotiation of profits or
termination of contracts or subcontracts at the election of any governmental
entity.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 6

Regulation and Supervision

As a bank holding company, the Company is regulated under the Bank Holding
Company Act of 1956, as amended (the "Act"). The Act limits the business of bank
holding companies to banking, managing or controlling banks and other
subsidiaries authorized under the Act, performing certain servicing activities
for subsidiaries and engaging in such other activities as the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System ("Federal Reserve Board") may determine to be
closely related to banking. The Company is registered with and is subject to
regulation by the Federal Reserve Board. Among other things, applicable statutes
and regulations require the Company to file an annual report and such additional
information as the Federal Reserve Board may require pursuant to the Act and the
regulations which implement the Act. The Federal Reserve Board also conducts
examinations of the Company.

The Act provides that a bank holding company must obtain the prior approval of
the Federal Reserve Board to acquire more than five percent of the voting stock
or substantially all the assets of any bank or bank holding company. The Act
also provides that, with certain exceptions, a bank holding company may not (i)
engage in any activities other than those of banking or managing or controlling
banks and other authorized subsidiaries, or (ii) own or control more than five
percent of the voting shares of any company that is not a bank, including any
foreign company. A bank holding company is permitted, however, to acquire shares
of any company, the activities of which the Federal Reserve Board has determined
to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a
proper incident thereto. A bank holding company may also acquire shares of a
company which furnishes or performs services for a bank holding company and
acquire shares of the kinds and in the amounts eligible for investment by
national banking associations. In addition, the Federal Reserve Act restricts
the Bank's extension of credit to the Company.

On November 12, 1999, Congress enacted the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. The
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act permits bank holding companies to qualify as "financial
holding companies" that may engage in a broad range of financial activities,
including underwriting, dealing in and making a market in securities, insurance
underwriting and agency activities and merchant banking. The Federal Reserve
Board is authorized to expand the list of permissible financial activities. The
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act also authorizes banks to engage through financial
subsidiaries in nearly all of the activities permitted for financial holding
companies. The Company has not elected the status of financial holding company
and at this time has no plans for these investments or broader financial
activities.

As state-chartered commercial banks, the Company's subsidiary banks are subject
to examination, supervision and extensive regulation by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation ("FDIC"), the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions
("DFI") and (with respect to YCB and its branch offices located in Kentucky) the
Kentucky Office of Financial Institutions. The Banks are members of and own
stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank ("FHLB") of Indianapolis, and Cincinnati.
The FHLB institutions located in Indianapolis and Cincinnati are two of the
twelve regional banks in the FHLB system. The Banks are also subject to
regulation by the Federal Reserve Board, which governs reserves to be maintained
against deposits and regulates certain other matters. The extensive system of
banking laws and regulations to which the Banks are subject is intended
primarily for the protection of the Company's customers and depositors, and not
its shareholders.

The FDIC, Federal Reserve, and DFI regularly examine the Banks and prepare
reports for the consideration of the Banks' Board of Directors on any
deficiencies that they may find in the Banks' operations. The relationship of
the Banks with their depositors and borrowers also is regulated to a great
extent by both federal and state laws, especially in such matters as the form
and content of the Banks' mortgage documents and communication of loan and
deposit rates to both existing and prospective customers. Financial institutions
in various regions of the United States have been called upon by examiners to
write down assets to their fair market values and to establish increased levels
of reserves, primarily as a result of perceived weaknesses in real estate values
and a more restrictive regulatory climate.

The investment and lending authority of a state-chartered bank is prescribed by
state and federal laws and regulations, and such banks are prohibited from
engaging in any activities not permitted by such laws and regulations. These
laws and regulations generally are applicable to all state chartered banks. The
Banks may not lend to a single or related group of borrowers on an unsecured
basis an amount in excess of the greater of 500,000 or fifteen percent of the
Banks unimpaired capital and surplus on a disaggregated basis. An additional
amount may be lent, equal to ten percent of unimpaired capital and surplus, if
such loan is secured by readily marketable collateral, which is defined to
include certain securities, but generally does not include real estate.

Federal Regulations

Sections 22(h) and (g) of the Federal Reserve Act place restrictions on loans to
executive officers, directors and principal stockholders. Under Section 22(h),
loans to a director, an executive officer and to a greater than ten percent
stockholder of a bank, and certain affiliated interests of either, may not
exceed, together with all other outstanding loans to such person and affiliated
interests, the institution's loans to one borrower limit (15 of the Bank's
unimpaired capital and surplus). Section 22(h) also requires that loans to
directors, executive officers and principal stockholders be made on terms
substantially the same as offered in comparable transactions to other persons
and also requires prior board of directors approval for certain loans. In
addition, the aggregate amount of extensions of credit to all insiders cannot
exceed the institution's unimpaired capital and surplus. At December 31, 2006
the Banks were in compliance with the above restrictions.

Safety and Soundness. The Federal Deposit Insurance Act ("FDIA"), as amended by
the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA") and
the Riegle Community Development and Regulatory Improvement Act of 1994,
requires the federal bank regulatory agencies to prescribe standards, by
regulations or guidelines, relating to the internal controls, information

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 7

systems and internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting,
interest-rate-risk exposure, asset growth, asset quality, earnings, stock
valuation and compensation, fees and benefits and such other operational and
managerial standards as the agencies may deem appropriate. The federal bank
regulatory agencies adopted, effective August 9, 1995, a set of guidelines
prescribing safety and soundness standards pursuant to FDICIA, as amended. In
general, the guidelines require, among other things, appropriate systems and
practices to identify and manage the risks and exposures specified in the
guidelines.

The FDIC generally is authorized to take enforcement action against a financial
institution that fails to meet its capital requirements; such action may include
restrictions on operations and banking activities, the imposition of a capital
directive, a cease and desist order, civil money penalties or harsher measures
such as the appointment of a receiver or conservator or a forced merger into
another institution. In addition, under current regulatory policy, an
institution that fails to meet its capital requirements is prohibited from
paying any dividends. Except under certain circumstances, further disclosure of
final enforcement action by the FDIC is required.

Prompt Corrective Action. Under Section 38 of the FDIA, as amended by the
FDICIA, each federal banking agency was required to implement a system of prompt
corrective action for institutions which it regulates. The federal banking
agencies, including the FDIC, adopted substantially similar regulations to
implement Section 38 of the FDIA, effective as of December 19, 1992. Under the
regulations, an institution is deemed to be (i) "well-capitalized" if it has
total risk-based capital of 10.0 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of
6.0 or more, a Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 5.0 or more and is not subject
to any order or final capital directive to meet and maintain a specific capital
level for any capital measure, (ii) "adequately-capitalized" if it has a total
risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or more, a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of
4.0 or more and a Tier 1 leverage capital ratio of 4.0 or more (3.0 under
certain circumstances) and does not meet the definition of "well-capitalized,"
(iii) "undercapitalized" if it has a total risk-based capital ratio that is less
than 8.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio that is less than 4.0 or a Tier 1
leverage capital ratio that is less than 4.0 3.0 under certain
circumstances), (iv) "significantly undercapitalized" if it has a total
risk-based capital ratio that is less than 6.0 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital
ratio that is less than 3.0 or a Tier II average capital ratio that is less
than 3.0 , and (v) "critically undercapitalized" if it has a ratio of tangible
equity to total assets that is equal to or less than 2.0 . Section 38 of the
FDIA and the regulations promulgated thereunder also specify circumstances under
which a federal banking agency may reclassify a well-capitalized institution as
adequately-capitalized and may require an adequately-capitalized institution or
an undercapitalized institution to comply with supervisory actions as if it were
in the next lower category (except that the FDIC may not reclassify a
significantly undercapitalized institution as critically undercapitalized). At
December 31, 2006, the Company and the Banks were deemed well-capitalized for
purposes of the above regulations.

Federal Home Loan Bank System. The Banks are members of the FHLB of Indianapolis
and Cincinnati. The FHLB of Indianapolis and Cincinnati are two of the 12
regional FHLB's that, prior to the enactment of FIRREA, were regulated by the
Federal Home Loan Bank Board (FHLBB). FIRREA separated the home financing credit
function of the FHLB's from the regulatory functions of the FHLB's regarding
savings institutions and their insured deposits by transferring oversight over
the FHLB's from the FHLBB to a new federal agency, the Federal Home Financing
Board ("FHFB").

As members of the FHLB system, the Banks are required to purchase and maintain
stock in the FHLB in an amount equal to the greater of one percent of its
aggregate unpaid residential mortgage loans, home purchase contracts or similar
obligations at the beginning of each year, or 1/20 (or such greater fraction as
established by the FHLB) of outstanding FHLB advances. At December 31, 2006,
 7.3 million of FHLB stock was outstanding for the Banks, which were in
compliance with this requirement. In past years, the Banks have received
dividends on its FHLB stock.

Insurance of Accounts. The Banks' deposits are insured up to 100,000 per
insured member (as defined by law and regulation) and, except for certain
deposits assumed by YCB upon the merger of Heritage Bank of Southern Indiana
into YCB in 2002 (which are insured by the Bank Insurance Fund (BIF)), are
insured by the Savings Association Insurance Fund (SAIF). This insurance is
backed by the full faith and credit of the United States Government. The SAIF
and the BIF are both administered and managed by the FDIC. As insurer, the FDIC
is authorized to conduct examinations of and to require reporting by SAIF and
BIF insured institutions. It also may prohibit any insured institution from
engaging in any activity the FDIC determines by regulation or order to pose a
serious threat to either fund. The FDIC also has the authority to initiate
enforcement actions against financial institutions. The annual assessment for
deposit insurance is based on a risk-related premium system. Each insured
institution is assigned to one of three capital groups: well-capitalized,
adequately-capitalized or undercapitalized. Within each capital group,
institutions are assigned to one of three subgroups (A, B, or C) on the basis of
supervisory evaluations by the institution's primary federal supervisor and if
applicable, state supervisor. Assignment to one of the three capital groups,
coupled with assignment to one of three supervisory subgroups, will determine
which of the nine risk classifications is appropriate for an institution.
Institutions are assessed insurance rates based on their assigned risk
classifications. The well-capitalized, subgroup "A" category institutions are
assessed the lowest insurance rate, while institutions assigned to the
undercapitalized subgroup "C" category are assessed the highest insurance rate.
As of December 31, 2006 the Banks were assigned to the well-capitalized,
subgroup "A" category and paid an annual insurance rate of 1.32 cents per 100
of deposits.

The FDIC may terminate the deposit insurance of any insured depository
institution if it determines, after a hearing, that the institution has engaged
or is engaging in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound
condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation,
order or any condition imposed by an agreement with the FDIC.

The Federal Reserve System. The Federal Reserve Board requires all depository
institutions to maintain reserves against their transaction accounts and
non-personal time deposits. Cash on hand or on deposit with the Federal Reserve
Bank of 6.5 million and

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 8

4.1 million was required to meet regulatory reserve and clearing requirements
at year-end 2006 and 2005, respectively. These balances do not earn interest.
Banks are authorized to borrow from the Federal Reserve Bank "discount window,"
but Federal Reserve Board regulations require banks to exhaust other reasonable
alternative sources of funds, including FHLB advances, before borrowing from the
Federal Reserve Bank.

Federal Taxation. For federal income tax purposes, the Company and its
subsidiaries file a consolidated federal income tax return on a calendar year
basis. Consolidated returns have the effect of eliminating intercompany
distributions, including dividends, from the computation of consolidated taxable
income for the taxable year in which the distributions occur.

The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to the rules of federal income
taxation generally applicable to corporations under the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (the "Code").

The Company's December 31, 2004 federal tax return is currently being audited by
the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS"). While the examination is on-going as of
the date of this filing, management does not anticipate a material impact on the
Company's financial statements once the examination is completed. Management has
also evaluated its tax positions in association with the adoption of FASB
Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes - an
interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 (FIN 48), which prescribes a
recognition threshold and measurement attribute for a tax position taken or
expected to be taken in a tax return effective for its fiscal year beginning
January 1, 2007. The Company has determined that the adoption of FIN 48 will not
have a material effect on the financial statements.

Indiana Taxation. The Company is subject to a franchise tax imposed by the State
of Indiana. The tax is imposed at the rate of 8.5 percent of the Company's
adjusted gross income. In computing adjusted gross income, no deductions are
allowed for municipal interest, U.S. Government interest and pre-1990 net
operating losses. In 2000, the Indiana financial institution tax law was amended
to treat resident financial institutions the same as nonresident financial
institutions by providing for apportionment of Indiana income based on receipts
in Indiana. This revision allowed for the exclusion of receipts from out of
state sources and federal government and agency obligations.

Currently, income from YCB's subsidiaries CBSI Holdings, Inc., CBSI Investments,
Inc. and CBSI Investment Portfolio Management, LLC is not subject to the Indiana
franchise tax.

The Company's December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002 Indiana state franchise tax
return were audited in 2006. The Indiana Department of Revenue concluded that no
adjustments were necessary as a result of their audits.

Kentucky Taxation. The Company is subject to a franchise tax imposed by the
Commonwealth of Kentucky on its operations in Kentucky. The tax is imposed at a
rate of 1.1 on taxable net capital, which equals capital stock paid in,
surplus, undivided profits and capital reserves, net unrealized holding gains or
losses on available for sale securities, and cumulative foreign currency
translation adjustments less an amount equal to the same percentage of the total
as the book value of United States obligations and Kentucky obligations bears to
the book value of the total assets of the financial institution. A financial
institution whose business activity is taxable within and without Kentucky must
apportion its net capital based on the three factor apportionment formula of
receipts, property and payroll unless the Kentucky Revenue Cabinet has granted
written permission to use another method.

Available Information. The Company files annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those
reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") pursuant to Section
13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The public may read and
copy any material the Company files with the SEC at the SEC's Public Reference
Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549 and may obtain information on the
operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The
SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically
with the SEC on its website at www.sec.gov. The Company makes available through
its website, www.yourcommunitybank.com, its annual report on Form 10-K,
quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K.

Item 1A. Risk Factors

There are a number of factors, including those specified below, that may
adversely affect our business, financial results or stock price. Additional
risks that we currently do not know about or currently view as immaterial may
also impair our business or adversely impact our financial results or stock
price.

As used in this Item 1A of the Form 10-K, the terms "we", "us" and "our" refer
to Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc., an Indiana corporation and its
subsidiaries (unless the context clearly implies otherwise).

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 9

Industry Risk Factors

Changes in the laws, regulations and policies governing financial services
companies could alter our business environment and adversely affect our
operations. The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System regulates the
supply of money and credit in the United States. Its fiscal and monetary
policies determine in a large part our cost of funds for lending and investing
and the return that can be earned on those loans and investments, both of which
affect our net interest margin. Federal Reserve Board policies can also
materially affect the value of financial instruments that we hold, such as debt
securities and mortgage servicing rights.

We, along with our subsidiaries, are heavily regulated at the federal and state
levels. This regulation is to protect depositors, federal deposit insurance
funds and the banking system as a whole. Congress and state legislatures and
federal and state agencies continually review banking laws, regulations and
policies for possible changes. Changes in statutes, regulations or policies
could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways, including limiting the
types of financial services and products that we offer and/or increasing the
ability of non-banks to offer competing financial services and products. We
cannot predict whether any of this potential legislation will be enacted, and if
enacted, the effect that it or any regulations would have on our financial
condition or results of operations.

The financial services industry is highly competitive, and competitive pressures
could intensify and adversely affect our financial results. We operate in a
highly competitive industry that could become even more competitive as a result
of legislative, regulatory and technological changes and continued
consolidation. We compete with other commercial banks, savings and loan
associations, mutual savings banks, finance companies, mortgage banking
companies, credit unions and investment companies. In addition, technology has
lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for non-banks to offer products
and services traditionally provided by banks. Many of our competitors have fewer
regulatory constraints and some have lower cost structures. Also, the potential
need to adapt to industry changes in information technology systems, on which we
and the financial services industry are highly dependent, could present
operational issues and require capital spending.

Changes in consumer use of banks and changes in consumer spending and saving
habits could adversely affect our financial results. Technology and other
changes now allow many consumers to complete financial transactions without
using banks. For example, consumers can pay bills and transfer funds directly
without going through a bank. This "disintermediation" could result in the loss
of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and income generated
from those deposits. In addition, changes in consumer spending and saving habits
could adversely affect our operations, and we may be unable to timely develop
competitive new products and services in response to these changes that are
accepted by new and existing customers.

Risks associated with unpredictable economic and political conditions may be
amplified as a result of our limited market area. Commercial banks and other
financial institutions are affected by economic and political conditions, both
domestic and international, and by governmental monetary policies. Conditions
such as inflation, value of the dollar, recession, unemployment, high interest
rates, short money supply, scarce natural resources, international disorders,
terrorism and other factors beyond our control may adversely affect
profitability. In addition, almost all of our primary business area is located
in Southern Indiana and Jefferson County, Kentucky. A significant downturn in
this regional economy may result in, among other things, deterioration in our
credit quality or a reduced demand for credit and may harm the financial
stability of our customers. Due to the regional market area, these negative
conditions may have a more noticeable effect on us than would be experienced by
an institution with a larger, more diverse market area.

Changes in the domestic interest rate environment could reduce our net interest
income. Interest rate volatility could significantly harm our business. Our
results of operations are affected by the monetary and fiscal policies of the
federal government and the regulatory policies of governmental authorities. A
significant component of earnings is net interest income, which is the
difference between the income from interest-earning assets, such as loans, and
the expense of interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits. A change in
market interest rates could adversely affect earnings if market interest rates
change such that the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings increases faster
than the interest we collect on loans and investments. Consequently, along with
other financial institutions generally, we are sensitive to interest rate
fluctuations.

Company Risk Factors

Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. Like
all financial institutions, we maintain an allowance for loan losses to provide
for loan defaults and non-performance. Our allowance for loan losses is based on
our historical loss experience as well as an evaluation of the risks associated
with our loan portfolio, including the size and composition of the loan
portfolio, loan portfolio performance, current economic conditions and
geographic concentrations within the portfolio. Our allowance for loan losses
may not be adequate to cover actual loan losses, and future provisions for loan
losses could materially and adversely affect its financial results.

We may suffer losses in our loan portfolio despite our underwriting practices.
Our results of operations are significantly affected by the ability of borrowers
to repay their loans. Lending money is an essential part of the banking
business. However, borrowers do not always repay their loans. The risk of
non-payment is historically small, but if nonpayment levels are greater than
anticipated, our earnings and overall financial condition, as well as the value
of our common stock, could be adversely affected. No assurance can be given that
our underwriting practices or monitoring procedures and policies will reduce
certain lending risks. Loan losses can cause insolvency and failure of a
financial institution and, in such an event, our stockholders could lose their
entire investment. In addition, future provisions for loan losses could
materially and adversely affect profitability. Furthermore, the application of
various federal and

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 10

state laws, including bankruptcy and insolvency laws, may limit the amount that
can be recovered on these loans.

Maintaining or increasing our market share may depend on lowering prices and
market acceptance of new products and services. Our success depends, in part, on
our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards.
There is increasing pressure to provide products and services at lower prices.
Lower prices can reduce our net interest margin and revenues from our fee-based
products and services. In addition, the widespread adoption of new technologies,
including internet services, could require us to make substantial expenditures
to modify or adapt our existing products and services. Also, these and other
capital investments in our businesses may not produce expected growth in
earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure. We might not be successful
in introducing new products and services, achieving market acceptance of its
products and services, or developing and maintaining loyal customers.

Because the nature of the financial services business involves a high volume of
transactions, we face significant operational risks. Operational risk is the
risk of loss resulting from our operations, including, but not limited to, the
risk of fraud by employees or persons outside of the Company, the execution of
unauthorized transactions by employees, errors relating to transaction
processing and technology, breaches of the internal control system and
compliance requirements and business continuation and disaster recovery. This
risk of loss also includes the potential legal actions that could arise as a
result of an operational deficiency or as a result of noncompliance with
applicable regulatory standards, adverse business decisions or their
implementation, and customer attrition due to potential negative publicity. In
the event of a breakdown in the internal control system, improper operation of
systems or improper employee actions, we could suffer financial loss, face
regulatory action and suffer damage to its reputation.

Our reported financial results depend on management's selection of accounting
methods and certain assumptions and estimates. Our accounting policies and
methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and
results of operations. Our management must exercise judgment in selecting and
applying many of these accounting policies and methods so they comply with GAAP
and reflect management's judgment of the most appropriate manner to report our
financial condition and results. In some cases, management must select the
accounting policy or method to apply from two or more alternatives, any of which
might be reasonable under the circumstances yet might result in us reporting
materially different results than would have been reported under a different
alternative.

Certain accounting policies are critical to presenting our financial condition
and results. They require management to make difficult, subjective or complex
judgments about matters that are uncertain. Materially different amounts could
be reported under different conditions or using different assumptions or
estimates. These critical accounting policies include (without limitation): the
allowance for credit losses; the valuation of goodwill and other intangible
assets; and income taxes.

Changes in accounting standards could materially impact our financial
statements. From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the
preparation of our financial statements. These changes can be hard to predict
and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and
results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or
revised standard retroactively, resulting in us restating prior period financial
statements.

Acquisitions and the addition of branch facilities may not produce revenue
enhancements or cost savings at levels or within timeframes originally
anticipated and may result in unforeseen integration difficulties. We regularly
explore opportunities to establish branch facilities and acquire other banks or
financial institutions. New or acquired branch facilities and other facilities
may not be profitable. We may not be able to correctly identify profitable
locations for new branches. The costs to start up new branch facilities or to
acquire existing branches, and the additional costs to operate these facilities,
may increase our noninterest expense and decrease earnings in the short term. It
may be difficult to adequately and profitably manage growth through the
establishment of these branches. In addition, we can provide no assurance that
these branch sites will successfully attract enough deposits to offset the
expenses of operating these branch sites. Any new or acquired branches will be
subject to regulatory approval, and there can be no assurance that we will
succeed in securing such approvals.

We cannot predict the number, size or timing of acquisitions. Difficulty in
integrating an acquired business or company may cause us not to realize expected
revenue increases, cost savings, increases in geographic or product presence,
and/or other projected benefits from the acquisition. The integration could
result in higher than expected deposit attrition (run-off), loss of key
employees, disruption of our business or the business of the acquired company,
or otherwise adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with
customers and employees or achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition.
Also, the negative effect of any divestitures required by regulatory authorities
in acquisitions or business combinations may be greater than expected.

Our business could suffer if we fail to attract and retain skilled people. Our
success depends, in large part, on our ability to attract and retain key people.
Competition can be intense for the best people in most activities in which we
engage. We may not be able to hire the best people or to keep them.

Significant legal actions could subject us to substantial uninsured liabilities.
We are from time to time subject to claims related to our operations. These
claims and legal actions, including supervisory actions by our regulators, could
involve large monetary claims and significant defense costs. To protect us from
the cost of these claims, we maintain insurance coverage in amounts and with
deductibles that we believe are appropriate for our operations. However, our
insurance coverage may not cover all claims against us or continue to be
available to us at a reasonable cost. As a result, we may be exposed to
substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 11

We are exposed to risk of environmental liability when we take title to
properties. In the course of our business, we may foreclose on and take title to
real estate. As a result, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with
respect to these properties. We may be held liable to a governmental entity or
to third parties for property damage, personal injury, investigation and
clean-up costs incurred by these parties in connection with environmental
contamination or may be required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic
substances or chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with
investigation or remediation activities could be substantial. In addition, if we
are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to
common law claims by third parties based on damages and costs resulting from
environmental contamination emanating from the property. If we become subject to
significant environmental liabilities, our financial condition and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

Our stock price can be volatile and there is a limited trading market for our
stock. Our stock price can fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors,
including:

 o actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly operating results;

 o recommendations by securities analysts; acquisitions or business
 combinations;

 o operating and stock price performance of other companies that
 investors deem comparable to us;

 o new technology used or services offered by our competitors;

 o news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in the
 financial services industry; and

 o changes in government regulations.

General market fluctuations, industry factors and general economic and political
conditions and events, including terrorist attacks, economic slowdowns or
recessions, interest rate changes, credit loss trends or currency fluctuations,
could also cause our stock price to decrease regardless of our operating
results.

In addition, there is a limited trading market for our common stock and
shareholders may not be able to resell shares at or above the price paid for
them. The price of the common stock purchased may decrease significantly.
Although our common stock is quoted on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the
symbol "CBIN", trading activity in the stock historically has been sporadic. A
public trading market having the desired characteristics of liquidity and order
depends on the presence in the market of willing buyers and sellers at any given
time. The presence of willing buyers and sellers depends on the individual
decisions of investors and general economic conditions, all of which are beyond
our control.

Our historical growth rates may not be sustainable. We may not be able to
maintain and manage our growth, which may adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition and the value of our common stock. We cannot
assure you that we will continue to be successful in increasing the volume of
loans and deposits at acceptable risk levels and upon acceptable terms.
Additionally, we may not continue to be successful in expanding our asset base
to a targeted size and managing the costs and implementation risks associated
with our growth strategy. We cannot assure you that further expansion will be
profitable or that our historical rate of growth will continue to be sustained,
either through internal growth or otherwise, or that capital will be maintained
sufficient to support continued growth. Furthermore, if we grow too quickly and
are not able to control costs and maintain asset quality, rapid growth also
could adversely affect our financial performance.

We rely on dividends from our subsidiaries for our liquidity needs. Our holding
company status makes us dependent on dividends from our subsidiaries to meet our
obligations. We do not have any significant assets other than cash and the stock
of our subsidiaries. Accordingly, we depend on dividends from our subsidiaries
(and, in turn, their subsidiaries) to meet our obligations and obtain revenue.
Our right to participate in any distribution of earnings or assets of our
subsidiaries is subject to the prior claims of creditors of our subsidiaries.
Under federal and state law, our subsidiaries are limited in the amount of
dividends they may pay to us without prior regulatory approval. Also, bank
regulators have the authority to prohibit our subsidiaries from paying dividends
if the bank regulators determine the payment would be an unsafe and unsound
banking practice.

Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is limited. We cannot assure
you that we will continue to pay dividends at our current annual dividend rate
or at all. In particular, the ability to pay dividends in the future will depend
upon, among other things, our future earnings and cash requirements.

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

This item of Form 10-K is inapplicable to the Company inasmuch as it is not an
accelerated filer or large accelerated filer, nor is it a well-known seasoned
issuer. Moreover, the Company has received no written communication from the
staff of the SEC regarding its periodic or current reporting under the Exchange
Act.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 12

Item 2. Properties

The Company conducts its business through its corporate headquarters located in
New Albany, Indiana. YCB operates a main office and ten branch offices in Clark
and Floyd Counties, Indiana, and six branch offices in Jefferson and Nelson
Counties, Kentucky. SCSB operates a main office and three branch offices in
Scott County, Indiana. The following table sets forth certain information
concerning the main offices and each branch office at December 31, 2006. The
Company's aggregate net book value of premises and equipment was 15.0 million
at December 31, 2006.

Location Year Opened Owned or Leased
- -------- ----------- ---------------
 
Your Community Bank:
 101 West Spring Street - Main Office 1937 Owned
 New Albany, IN 47150

 401 East Spring Street - Drive Thru for Main Office 2001 Owned
 New Albany, IN 47150

 2626 Charlestown Road 1995 Owned
 New Albany, IN 47150

 4328 Charlestown Road 2004 Leased
 New Albany, IN 47150

 480 New Albany Plaza 1974 Leased
 New Albany, IN 47130

 901 East Highway 131 1981 Owned
 Clarksville, IN 47130

 701 Highlander Point Drive 1990 Owned
 Floyds Knobs, IN 47119

 102 Heritage Square 1992 Owned
 Sellersburg, IN 47172

 201 W. Court Avenue 1996 Owned
 Jeffersonville, IN4710

 5112 Highway 62 1997 Owned
 Jeffersonville, IN 47130

 2910 Grantline Road 2002 Leased
 New Albany, IN 47150

 400 Blankenbaker Parkway, Suite 100 2002 Leased
 Louisville, KY 40243

 106A West John Rowan Boulevard. - Main Office 1997 Leased
 Bardstown, KY 40004

 119 East Stephen Foster Avenue 1972 Owned
 Bardstown, KY 40004

 7101 Cedar Springs 2002 Leased
 Louisville, KY 40291

 4510 Shelbyville Road 2003 Leased
 Louisville, KY 40207

 13205 Magisterial Drive 2006 Leased
 Louisville, KY 40223

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 13

The Scott County State Bank:
 136 West McClain Avenue - Main Office 1890 Owned
 Scottsburg, IN 47170

 125 West Wardell - Drive Thru 1981 Owned
 Scottsburg, IN 47170

 1050 North Gardner 1974 Owned
 Scottsburg, IN 47170

 57 North Michael Drive 1998 Owned
 Scottsburg, IN 47170

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

There are various claims and law suits in which the Company or its subsidiaries
are periodically involved, such as claims to enforce liens, foreclosure or
condemnation proceedings on properties in which the Banks hold mortgages or
security interests, claims involving the making and servicing of real property
loans and other issues incident to the Banks' business. In the opinion of
management, no material loss is expected from any of such pending claims or
lawsuits with the possible exception of the following matter.

YCB made loans to borrower MW Development Services, LLC beginning in September,
2004, guaranteed by the borrower's two principals. The loans were to enable the
borrower to purchase real estate and develop it for sale as residential
subdivision lots. The loans are secured by first and second mortgage liens in
favor of the Bank on the real property that was acquired.

The development project is incomplete, but there is no additional borrowing
available from YCB. The borrower requested additional loan funds but did not
provide the information necessary to support an additional loan. The total
amount owed to the Bank on the loans was approximately 4,028,106 as of December
27, 2005 (including principal and interest but not late fees or attorney fees).
The value of the collateral is unknown at present because the project is not
complete. The loans are in default on grounds including the borrower's failure
to pay interest, the filing of numerous mechanics' and material men's liens
against the property and the filing by the lien claimant, D.F. Crane
Construction Corp. ("Crane") of a foreclosure action on its lien in the
Jefferson Circuit Court (Commonwealth of Kentucky). Along with the borrower, YCB
has been named as a defendant in that action for the purpose of asserting its
lien position. YCB filed a cross-claim on the indebtedness against the borrower,
and the borrower cross-claimed back against YCB. YCB then asserted claims
against the borrower's guarantors, who also asserted claims against YCB.

Crane's action and the cross-claim of another lien claimant each alleged that it
should be adjudicated a first lien but originally did not otherwise assert any
claims or seek any other relief against YCB. In the borrowers' and the
guarantors' claim against YCB, they allege that YCB acted improperly in the
administration of the loans, on theories including contract and tort, thereby
damaging the project. This claim sought an undetermined amount of damages from
YCB.

During 2006, YCB settled its claims against the borrower and guarantors
(retaining the right to enforce the mortgages against the property) and their
claims against YCB. Also during 2006, Crane amended its complaint to state
claims against YCB. Crane alleges causes of action against YCB based on claims
that YCB misrepresented or failed to disclose matters concerning this credit
facility that caused Crane to extend more credit to the borrower than it would
have done otherwise. Crane alleges a damages claim against YCB in an unstated
amount and seeks the subordination of YCB's mortgages to Crane's lien claim,
which is in the principal amount of 499,024.73 plus interest and fees the
amounts of which have not yet been determined. YCB has moved for judgment on its
mortgages. Crane opposed that motion based on its claim against YCB. The parties
are currently awaiting a recommendation on the motion by the Jefferson Circuit
Court Master Commissioner.

Item 4. Submission Of Matters To A Vote Of Security Holders

No matter was submitted to a vote of security holders, through the solicitation
of proxies or otherwise, during the quarter ended December 31, 2006.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 14

Part II

Item 5. Market For Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters And
Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

Market Information

The Company's common stock is traded on the Nasdaq National Market under the
symbol "CBIN". The quarterly range of low and high trade prices per share of the
Company's common stock for the periods indicated as reported on the Nasdaq
National Market, as well as the per share dividend paid in each such quarter by
the Company on its common stock is shown below.

2006 2005
- --------------------------------------------------- -----------------------------------------------
QUARTER ENDED HIGH LOW DIVIDEND QUARTER ENDED HIGH LOW DIVIDEND
- ------------- ---- --- -------- ------------- ---- --- --------
 
March 31 23.63 22.01 0.16 March 31 22.04 21.00 0.145
June 30 23.40 21.05 0.16 June 30 32.00 20.85 0.145
September 30 22.65 21.41 0.16 September 30 25.23 21.28 0.145
December 31 23.00 22.10 0.16 December 31 25.00 22.34 0.145

Holders

As of February 22, 2007 there were 892 holders of the Company's common stock.

Dividends

The Company intends to continue its historical practice of paying quarterly cash
dividends although there is no assurance that such dividends will continue to be
paid in the future. The payment of dividends in the future is dependent on
future income, financial position, capital requirements, the discretion and
judgment of the Board of Directors, and other considerations. In addition, the
payment of dividends is subject to the regulatory restrictions described in Note
14 to the Company's consolidated financial statements.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The following table sets forth certain information regarding Company
compensation plans under which equity securities of the Company are authorized
for issuance.

Number of Securities
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for
 to be Issued Upon Weighted -Average Future Issuance under
 Exercise of Exercise Price of equity compensation plans
 Outstanding Options, Outstanding Options, (excluding securities
 Plan Category Warrants and Rights Warrants and Rights reflected in column 1)
- --------------------------------- ------------------- ------------------- ----------------------
 
Equity compensation plans approved by
 security holders 289(1) 20.19 502(2)
Equity compensation plans not approved
 by security holders -- -- --
 ------------- ------------- -------------

Total 223(1) 19.28 575(2)
 ============= ============= =============

(1) Of the shares reflected, 253,610 shares have been granted unde r the
 Company's Stock Award Plan and 54,500 performance units have been granted
 under the Company's Performance Units Plan of which 35,425, or 65 , will
 be paid in shares (see Note 12 of the Company's consolidated financial
 statements for further information on the Company's 2003 Performance Units
 Plan).

(2) Of the shares reflected, 262,550 shares are available to be awarded under
 the Company's Stock Award Plan and 239,575 shares are available to be
 awarded under the Company's Performance Units Plan.

Performance Graph

The following performance graph and data included shall not be deemed filed for
purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise
subject to the liabilities of that section, nor shall it be deemed soliciting
material or subject to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act or incorporated by
reference in any filing under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933,
except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing.

The graph compares the performance of Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc.
common stock to the Russell 2000 index and the SNL Bank 500 MM - 1 B Bank
index for the Company's last five fiscal years. The graph assumes the value of
the investment in Company common stock and in each index was 100 at December
31, 2001 and that all dividends were reinvested.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 15

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc.
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Total Return Performance

 [THE FOLLOWING TABLE WAS REPRESENTED AS A LINE GRAPH IN THE PRINTED MATERIAL.]

Period Ending
 -------------------------------------------------------------
Index 12/31/01 12/31/02 12/31/03 12/31/04 12/31/05 12/31/06
- ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
CBIN 100.00 101.28 152.34 165.77 181.19 183.97
SNL Bank 500M- 1B Bank Index 100.00 127.67 184.10 208.63 217.57 247.44
Russell 2000 100.00 79.52 117.09 138.55 144.86 171.47

Source: SNL Financial, www.snl.com

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 16

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

The following table sets forth the Company's selected historical consolidated
financial information from 2002 through 2006. This information should be read in
conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related Notes.
Factors affecting the comparability of certain indicated periods are discussed
in "Management's Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of
Operations."

Years Ended December 31,
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 Income Statement Data:
 Interest income .................................. 46,033 35,058 27,786 25,252 25,052
 Interest expense ................................. 25,995 17,344 12,796 11,675 13,354
 Net interest income .............................. 20,038 17,714 14,990 13,577 11,698
 Provision for loan losses ........................ 262 1,750 1,105 1,274 1,144
 Non-interest income .............................. 4,794 4,865 3,271 3,684 3,160
 Non-interest expense ............................. 19,116 16,155 13,903 13,104 10,938
 Income before taxes .............................. 5,454 4,674 3,253 2,883 2,776
 Net income ....................................... 4,111 3,749 2,588 2,302 2,126
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Balance Sheet Data:
 Total assets ..................................... 816,633 665,008 590,066 521,315 465,549
 Total securities ................................. 121,311 98,835 90,152 83,143 92,374
 Total loans, net ................................. 607,932 512,448 450,676 390,026 321,634
 Allowance for loan losses ........................ 5,654 5,920 4,523 4,034 3,814
 Total deposits ................................... 549,918 464,836 411,306 341,315 289,830
 Short-term borrowings ............................ 84,335 47,735 43,629 45,325 36,393
 FHLB advances .................................... 92,756 98,000 82,000 90,200 92,700
 Subordinated debenture ........................... 17,000 7,000 7,000 -- --
 Total shareholders' equity ....................... 65,541 42,775 42,781 42,289 43,297
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Per Share Data:
 Basic earnings per share ........................ 1.36 1.43 0.98 0.88 0.79
 Diluted earnings per share ...................... 1.35 1.41 0.97 0.87 0.79
 Book value ...................................... 19.06 16.42 16.27 16.13 16.44
 Cash dividends per share ........................ 0.64 0.58 0.54 0.53 0.53
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Performance Ratios:
 Return on average assets ......................... 0.55 0.59 0.47 0.47 0.47 
 Return on average equity ......................... 7.73 8.68 6.10 5.37 4.91
 Net interest margin .............................. 2.85 2.98 2.89 2.95 2.78
 Efficiency ratio ................................. 76.98 71.55 76.13 75.92 73.62
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Asset quality ratios:
 Non-performing assets to total loans ............. 0.98 1.08 0.37 0.61 1.17 
 Net loan charge-offs to average loans ............ 0.22 0.07 0.15 0.29 0.12
 Allowance for loan losses to total loans ......... 0.92 1.14 0.99 1.02 1.17
 Allowance for loan losses to
 non-performing loans .......................... 102 108 285 223 120
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Capital ratios:
 Leverage ratio ................................... 8.1 8.0 8.7 8.3 9.0 
 Average stockholders' equity to
 average total assets .......................... 7.1 6.8 7.7 8.7 9.6
 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio .................. 10.5 9.5 10.4 10.4 12.4
 Total risk-based capital ratio ................... 11.4 10.5 11.3 11.4 13.6
 Dividend payout ratio ............................ 46.7 40.5 54.8 59.8 66.1
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Other key data:
 End-of-period full-time equivalent
 employees ..................................... 224 182 169 154 145
 Number of bank offices ........................... 21 16 16 15 14

Years 2002 and 2003 have been restated to reflect 10 stock dividend paid
 on December 27, 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 17

Item 7. Management's Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results
of Operations

Overview

This section presents an analysis of the consolidated financial condition of the
Company and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, the Banks, at December 31, 2006 and
2005, and the consolidated results of operations for each of the years in the
three year period ended December 31, 2006. The information contained in this
section should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial
statements, notes to consolidated financial statements and other financial data
presented elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K.

The Company conducts its primary business through the Banks, which are
community-oriented financial institutions offering a variety of financial
services to its local communities. The Banks are engaged primarily in the
business of attracting deposits from the general public and using such funds for
the origination of: 1) commercial business and real estate loans and 2) secured
consumer loans such as home equity lines of credit, automobile loans, and
recreational vehicle loans. Additionally, YCB originates and sells into the
secondary market mortgage loans for the purchase of single-family homes in Floyd
and Clark counties, Indiana, and Jefferson and Nelson counties, Kentucky,
including surrounding communities. The Banks invest excess liquidity balances in
mortgage-backed, U.S. agency, state and municipal and corporate securities.

The operating results of the Company depend primarily upon the Banks' net
interest income, which is the difference between interest earned on
interest-earning assets and interest incurred on interest-bearing liabilities.
Interest-earning assets principally consist of loans, taxable and tax-exempt
securities, and FHLB stock. Interest-bearing liabilities principally include
deposits, retail repurchase agreements, federal funds purchased, and advances
from the FHLB Indianapolis and Cincinnati. The net income of the Banks is also
affected by 1) provision for loan losses, 2) non-interest income (including
gains on sales of loans and securities, deposit account service charges and
commission-based income on non-deposit investment products), 3) non-interest
expenses (including compensation and benefits, occupancy, equipment, data
processing expenses, marketing and advertising, and other expenses, such as
audit, postage, printing, and telephone expenses), and 4) income tax expense.

Forward Looking Information

Statements contained within this report that are not statements of historical
fact constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. When used in this discussion the words
"anticipate," "project," "expect," "believe," and similar expressions are
intended to identify forward-looking statements. The Company cautions that these
forward-looking statements are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and
uncertainties, all of which may change over time. Actual results could differ
materially from forward-looking statements.

In addition to factors disclosed by the Company elsewhere in this annual report
on Form 10-K, the following factors, among others, could cause actual results to
differ materially from such forward-looking statements: 1) adverse changes in
economic conditions affecting the banking industry in general and, more
specifically, the market areas in which the Company and its subsidiary Banks
operate, 2) adverse changes in the legislative and regulatory environment
affecting the Company and its subsidiary Banks, 3) increased competition from
other financial and non-financial institutions, 4) the impact of technological
advances on the banking industry, and 5) other risks detailed at times in the
Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company does
not assume an obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
subsequent to the date on which they are made.

Application of Critical Accounting Policies

The Company's consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and follow general practices
within the financial services industry. The most significant accounting policies
followed by the Company are presented in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. These policies, along with the disclosures presented in the other
financial statement notes and in this financial review, provide information on
how significant assets and liabilities are valued in the financial statements
and how those values are determined. Based on the valuation techniques used and
the sensitivity of financial statement amounts to the methods, assumptions, and
estimates underlying those amounts, management has identified the determination
of the allowance for loan losses, valuation of goodwill and other intangible
assets and deferred tax assets to be the accounting areas that require the most
subjective or complex judgments, and as such could be most subject to revision
as new information becomes available.

Allowance For Loan Losses

The allowance for loan losses represents management's estimate of probable
credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio. Determining the amount of the
allowance for loan losses is considered a critical accounting estimate because
it requires significant judgment and the use of estimates related to the amount
and timing of expected future cash flows on impaired loans, estimated losses on
loans based on historical loss experience, and consideration of current economic
trends and conditions, all of which may be susceptible to significant change.
The loan portfolio also represents the largest asset type on the consolidated
balance sheet. Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements describes the
methodology used to determine the allowance for loan losses, and a discussion of
the factors driving changes in the amount of the allowance for loan losses is
included under "Asset Quality" below.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 18

Loans that exhibit probable or observed credit weaknesses are subject to
individual review. Where appropriate, amounts of allowances are allocated to
individual loans based on management's estimate of the borrower's ability to
repay the loan given the availability of collateral, other sources of cash flow
and legal options available to the Company. Included in the review of individual
loans are those that are impaired as provided in SFAS No. 114, "Accounting by
Creditors for Impairment of a Loan." The Company evaluates the collectibility of
both principal and interest when assessing the need for a loss accrual.
Historical loss rates are applied to other loans not subject to allowance
allocations. These historical loss rates may be adjusted for significant factors
that, in management's judgment, reflect the impact of any current conditions on
loss recognition. Factors which management considers in the analysis include the
effects of the national and local economies, trends in the nature and volume of
loans (delinquencies, charge-offs and nonaccrual loans), changes in mix, asset
quality trends, risk management and loan administration, changes in internal
lending policies and credit standards, and examination results from bank
regulatory agencies and the Company's internal credit examiners.

The Company has not substantively changed any aspect to its overall approach in
the determination of the allowance for loan losses. There have been no material
changes in assumptions or estimation techniques as compared to prior periods
that impacted the determination of the current period allowance.

Based on the procedures discussed above, management is of the opinion that the
allowance of 5.7 million was adequate to address probable incurred credit
losses associated with the loan portfolio at December 31, 2006.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

The Company recorded 16.0 million of Goodwill and 3.1 million of other
intangible assets in 2006 in association with its acquisition of SCSB. The
Company is required to perform an annual assessment of goodwill and other
intangible assets to determine potential impairment. Also, management
informally, on an on-going basis, reviews and analyzes certain transactions or
events that may indicate potential impairment of Goodwill and other intangible
assets throughout the year. The analysis and determination of potential
impairment and the identification of relevant factors and events indicating
potential impairment require a high degree of judgment from management. The
Company will perform a formal assessment of Goodwill and other intangible assets
early in the 4th quarter of the 2007. No such events were identified in 2006 to
cause us to believe that goodwill or intangible assets were impaired.

Deferred Tax Assets

The Company has a net deferred tax asset of approximately 759,000. The Company
evaluates this asset on a quarterly basis. To the extent the Company believes it
is more likely than not that it will not be utilized, the Company will establish
a valuation allowance to reduce its carrying amount to the amount it expects to
be realized. At December 31, 2006, a valuation allowance of 345,000 has been
established against the outstanding deferred tax asset. Note 13 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements describes the net deferred tax asset. The
deferred tax asset will be utilized as the Company is profitable or as the
Company carries back tax losses to periods in which it paid income taxes. The
estimate of the realizable amount of this asset is a critical accounting policy.

Highlights

The Company reported net income of 4.1 million during 2006 compared with 3.7
million for 2005, an increase of 9.7 . The increase in earnings was primarily
due to the acquisition of SCSB on July 1, 2006 which contributed net income of
 1.0 million for the year and was offset by a decrease in non-interest income
due to a 228,000 gain, net of related tax impacts, on the disposition of an
equity stock position held in a company that provides data processing services
to the banking industry and by a 656,000 non-taxable gain on life insurance
benefit that impacted 2005 only. Also contributing to the increase in net income
was a decrease in the provision for loan losses of 1.5 million to 262,000 in
2006 from 1.8 million in 2005. The Company's book value per common share
increased from 16.42 per share at December 31, 2005 to 19.06 per share at
December 31, 2006 due to the aforementioned acquisition of SCSB.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 19

The following table summarizes selected financial information regarding the
Company's financial performance:

Table 1 - Summary

For the Year Ended December 31,
(Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 2006 2005 2004
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
Net income ............................................ 4,111 3,749 2,588
Basic earnings per share .............................. 1.36 1.43 0.98
Diluted earnings per share ............................ 1.35 1.41 0.97

Return on average assets .............................. 0.55 0.59 0.47 
Return on average equity .............................. 7.73 8.68 6.10

Total assets grew 22.8 during 2006 to 816.6 million from 665.0 million at
December 31, 2005 primarily as a result of the Company's acquisition of SCSB.
Excluding eliminations for inter-company accounts, total unconsolidated assets
of SCSB were 148.0 million as of December 31, 2006 and included net loans of
 92.3 million while total deposits were 103.3 million, including 22.8 million
of non-interest bearing deposits and FHLB advances were 10.3 million. Excluding
SCSB, net loans outstanding increased marginally from 512.4 million in 2005 to
 515.7 million, an increase of 0.6 . Total deposits, excluding SCSB decreased
from 464.8 million in 2005 to 446.6 million in 2006, a decrease of 18.2
million or 3.9 due primarily to a reduction in money market accounts as the
result of management's efforts to improve net interest margin by reducing the
yield on these accounts. The decrease in deposits was offset by increases in
short-term borrowings from federal funds purchased which increased to 32.7
million in 2006 from 0 in 2005 and an increase in line of credit borrowings to
 3.5 million in 2006 from 0 in 2005.

Results of Operations

Net Interest Income

The Company's principal revenue source is net interest income. Net interest
income is the difference between interest income on interest-earning assets,
such as loans and securities, and the interest expense on the liabilities used
to fund those assets, such as interest-bearing deposits and borrowings. Net
interest income is impacted by both changes in the amount and composition of
interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities as well as changes in
market interest rates.

Net interest income increased 2.3 million, or 13.1 , to 20.0 million for 2006
compared to 17.7 million in 2005. The increase in net interest income is
primarily attributable to the Company's acquisition of SCSB which provided net
interest income of 3.0 million in 2006. Excluding net interest income from
SCSB, net interest income decreased by 659,000 from 2005 and was impacted by an
increase in interest expense recognized on the Company's interest rate swaps
from 163,000 recognized during 2005 to 1.1 million in 2006 (See Note 15 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements). The Company's net interest rate spread
decreased to 2.44 for 2006 from 2.66 in 2005, and its net interest margin
decreased to 2.85 for 2006 from 2.98 in 2005 due to the increase in interest
expense associated with the Company's interest rate swaps. The acquisition of
SCSB had a positive impact on the Company's yields on interest-bearing assets
and liabilities. The average yield (on an annualized basis) for loans was 7.95 ,
4.98 for investment securities, and 7.16 for total interest earning assets of
SCSB while the average yield on savings accounts was 1.12 , 4.98 for time
deposits greater than 100,000, 3.70 for other time deposits, 5.15 for FHLB
advances, and 2.97 for total interest-bearing liabilities.

Average interest-earning assets increased 18.0 during 2006 to 702.2 million,
compared to a 14.8 increase during 2005. The increase in 2006 was primarily due
to the acquisition of SCSB; excluding SCSB, growth in earning assets was
minimal. As a result of the acquisition, the composition of the Company's loan
portfolio mix changed resulting in a higher percentage of residential real
estate and consumer loans than in 2005. Average loans grew 81.9 million or
16.6 to 575.1 million in 2006, while the loan yield increased to 7.01 ,
compared to 6.28 for 2005, primarily due to several prime rate increases
throughout the year that raised yields on portfolio loans indexed to the prime
rate, offset by 1.1 million of interest expense (when recorded, netted against
loan interest income) associated with the Company's interest rate swaps.
Excluding the acquisition of SCSB, the Company's loan growth slowed in 2006 as
compared to 2005, as management focused on improving the net interest margin. In
2007, the Company anticipates measured growth within its loan portfolio due to
increased deposit product offerings targeted towards small businesses and a more
focused marketing and sales strategy.

Average interest-bearing liabilities grew 93.8 million to 630.7 million, an
increase of 17.5 from 2005, while the cost of interest-bearing liabilities
increased to 4.12 for 2006 from 3.23 in 2005. The increase in average
interest-bearing liabilities was primarily attributable to the acquisition of
SCSB which accounted for 90.7 million in growth from 2005 in addition to a
 10,000,000 placement of trust preferred securities in June 2006 (see Note 10 of
the Company's consolidated financial statements), and an increase in short-term
borrowings of 36.6 million. The increase in short-term borrowings was mostly
comprised of federal funds purchased of 32.7 million to meet short-term
liquidity needs due to maturing FHLB advances and 3.5 million of borrowings on
the Company's line of credit to fund a portion of the acquisition SCSB along
with the associated costs.

While there can be no assurance as to the tangible long-term impact that the
current interest rate environment will have on the Company's future levels of
net interest income and net interest margin, it is presently anticipated, given
the pricing sensitivity and

20

asset/liability mix of the Company's balance sheet, that the Company's net
interest margin should remain stable for 2007 when compared with 2006.

For 2005, net interest income increased 2.7 million or 18.0 to 17.7 million
compared to 15.0 million in 2004. The Company's net interest rate spread
increased to 2.66 for 2005 from 2.61 in 2004, and its net interest margin
increased to 2.98 for 2005 from 2.89 in 2004. In addition, net interest income
was impacted by the 163,000 of interest expense recognized on the Company's
interest rate swaps during 2005, compared to interest income of 777,000 of
interest income recognized during 2004.

Table 2 provides detailed information as to average balances, interest
income/expense, and rates by major balance sheet category for 2004 through 2006.

Table 2 - Average Balance Sheets and Rates for Years Ended 2006, 2005 and 2004

2006 2005 2004
 -------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------
 Average Average Average Average Average Average
(Dollars in thousands) Balance Interest Rate Balance Interest Rate Balance Interest Rate
 -------------------------- ---------------------------- ----------------------------
 
ASSETS

Earning assets:
 Interest-bearing deposits with banks . 4,365 132 3.02 2,614 58 2.22 3,398 42 1.24 
 Taxable securities ................... 105,287 4,738 4.50 85,025 3,352 3.94 81,364 2,929 3.60
 Tax-exempt securities ................ 9,419 467 4.96 5,860 291 4.97 8,742 376 4.30
 Total loans and fees(1)(2) ........... 575,100 40,299 7.01 493,219 30,993 6.28 416,857 24,073 5.77
 FHLB stock ........................... 8,028 397 4.95 8,508 364 4.28 8,196 366 4.47
 --------- ------- --------- ------- --------- -------

Total earning assets ..................... 702,199 46,033 6.56 595,226 35,058 5.89 518,557 27,786 5.36

Non-interest earning assets:
 Less: Allowance for loan losses ...... (5,823) (5,200) (4,472)
 Non-earning assets:
 Cash and due from banks .............. 15,759 12,917 10,734
 Bank premises and equipment, net ..... 13,827 11,284 11,683
 Other assets ......................... 22,505 17,261 16,185
 --------- --------- ---------

Total assets ............................. 748,467 631,488 552,687
 ========= ========= =========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY

Interest bearing liabilities:
 Savings and other .................... 218,981 6,071 2.77 209,450 4,364 2.08 172,722 1,999 1.16 
 Time deposits ........................ 249,036 10,862 4.36 187,233 6,418 3.43 169,355 5,241 3.09
 Short-term borrowings ................ 64,153 3,054 4.76 48,684 1,395 2.87 36,572 409 1.12
 FHLB advances ........................ 86,024 5,066 5.89 84,552 4,746 5.61 83,340 4,979 5.97
 Subordinated debenture ............... 12,479 942 7.55 7,000 421 6.01 3,893 168 4.32
 --------- ------- --------- ------- --------- -------

Total interest bearing liabilities ....... 630,673 25,995 4.12 536,919 17,344 3.23 465,882 12,796 2.75

Non-interest bearing liabilities:
 Non-interest bearing deposits ........ 62,079 47,197 40,631
 Other liabilities .................... 2,507 4,187 3,737
 Shareholders' equity ................. 53,208 43,185 42,437
 --------- --------- ---------
Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 748,467 631,488 552,687
 ========= ========= =========

Net interest income ...................... 20,038 17,714 14,990
 ======= ======= =======
Net interest spread ...................... 2.44 2.66 2.61 
Net interest margin ...................... 2.85 2.98 2.89 

(1) The amount of fee income included in interest on loans was 697, 647, and
 610 for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004, respectively.

(2) Includes loans held for sale and non-accruing loans in the average loan
 amounts outstanding.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 21

Table 3 illustrates the extent to which changes in interest rates and changes in
the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities affected
the Company's interest income and interest expense during the periods indicated.
Information is provided in each category with respect to (i) changes
attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate),
(ii) changes attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by
prior volume), and (iii) the net change. The changes attributable to the
combined impact of volume and rate have been allocated proportionately to the
changes due to volume and the changes due to rate.

Table 3 - Volume/Rate Variance Analysis

Year Ended December 31, 2006 Year Ended December 31, 2005
 compared to compared to
 Year Ended December 31, 2005 Year Ended December 31, 2004
 -------------------------------- ----------------------------------
 INCREASE/(DECREASE) INCREASE/(DECREASE)
 Due to Due to
 -------------------------------- ----------------------------------
 Total Net Total Net
 Change Volume Rate Change Volume Rate
 ------ ------ ---- ------ ------ ----

 (Dollars in thousands)
 
Interest income:
Interest-bearing deposits with banks .................. 74 48 26 16 (11) 27
Taxable securities .................................... 1,386 870 516 423 136 287
Tax-exempt securities ................................. 176 176 -- (85) (137) 52
Total loans and fees .................................. 9,306 5,495 3,811 6,920 4,672 2,248
FHLB stock ............................................ 33 (21) 54 (2) 14 (16)
 ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- -------

Total increase (decrease) in interest income .......... 10,975 6,568 4,407 7,272 4,674 2,598

Interest expense:
Savings and other ..................................... 1,707 207 1,500 2,365 496 1,869
Time deposits ......................................... 4,444 2,435 2,009 1,177 583 594
Short-term borrowings ................................. 1,659 538 1,121 986 172 814
FHLB advances ......................................... 320 84 236 (233) 72 (305)
Subordinated debenture ................................ 521 393 128 253 169 84
 ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- -------

Total increase (decrease) in interest expense ......... 8,651 3,657 4,994 4,548 1,492 3,056
 ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- -------

Increase (decrease) in net interest income ............ 2,324 2,911 (587) 2,724 3,182 (458)
 ======= ======= ======= ======= ======= =======

Non-interest Income

Non-interest income was 4.8 million for 2006, 4.9 million for 2005, and 3.3
million for 2004. In 2005, the Company had a gain on life insurance benefits of
 656,000, a gain on the disposition of equity stock of 345,000 and a gain on
sale of AFS securities of 23,000 which substantially impacted 2005. Excluding
these items, total non-interest income increased by 935,000 or 24.3 from 2005.
Non-interest income in 2006 was affected by the acquisition of SCSB which
provided total non-interest income in 2006 of 383,000, of which 326,000 was
related to service charges on deposit accounts. The remaining growth in service
charge income is due to an increase in YCB's overdraft service charge, an
increase in transaction accounts, and an increase in the number of overdrawn
accounts. The Company continues to emphasize the importance of customer service
and believes this emphasis facilitated the opening of a significant number of
new demand deposit accounts during 2006 and 2005, which helped contribute to a
34.5 and 28.3 increase in service charges on deposit accounts for 2006 and
2005, respectively.

Table 4 provides a breakdown of the Company's non-interest income during the
past three years.

Table 4 - Analysis of Non-interest Income

Year Ended December 31, Percent Increase/(Decrease)
 ----------------------- --------------------------

(Dollars in thousands) 2006 2005 2004 2006/2005 2005/2004
 ---- ---- ---- --------- ---------
 
Service charges on deposit accounts ................... 3,487 2,593 2,021 34.5 28.3 
Commission income ..................................... 107 74 64 44.6 15.6
Gain on sale of mortgage loans ........................ 262 426 322 (38.5) 32.3
Loan servicing income, net of amortization ............ 60 36 49 66.7 (26.5)
Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance .... 573 527 493 8.7 6.9
Other ................................................. 287 185 184 55.1 0.5
 ------- ------- -------
 Subtotal ........................................... 4,776 3,841 3,133 24.3 22.6 

Gain on life insurance benefit ........................ -- 656 -- (100.0) NM
Gain on disposition of equity stock ................... 18 345 -- (94.8) NM
Gain on sale of available for sale securities ......... -- 23 138 (100.0) (83.3)
 ------- ------- -------

 Total .............................................. 4,794 4,865 3,271 (1.5) 48.7 
 ======= ======= =======

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 22

The market interest rate environment heavily influences revenue from mortgage
banking activities. The decrease in net gain on sale of mortgage loans from 2005
to 2006 reflects decreased origination activity due to an overall decline in
home sales in 2006 as compared to 2005 and increasing interest rates during the
year. Management anticipates gains on sales of mortgage loans in 2007 to remain
consistent with 2006. The increase in net gain on mortgage loans from 2004 to
2005 reflected increased origination activity, even as mortgage interest rates
were generally stable throughout 2005.

The Company had a 345,000 gain during 2005 on the disposition of an equity
stock position it held in a company that provides data processing services to
the banking industry. The disposition resulted from the acquisition of the data
processing provider by a third party organization. In addition, there was a
 656,000 non-taxable gain on life insurance benefit. Combined these items
accounted for a decrease in non-interest income of 1,001,000 from 2005 to 2006
which was offset by increases in service charges on deposit accounts as
previously noted.

Non-interest Expense

Total non-interest expense increased 18.3 to 19.1 million in 2006 when
compared with 2005 as a result of increases in salaries and employee benefits,
and occupancy and equipment expenses. A significant percentage of the increase
was due to the acquisition of SCSB in 2006 which accounted for an additional
 1.8 million in expense in 2006. Other factors for the increase include an
increase in salaries and benefits, occupancy expenses, data processing, legal
and professional, and other expenses. Total non-interest expense increased 16.2 
to 16.2 million in 2005 when compared with 2004 as a result of increases in
salaries and employee benefits and occupancy and equipment expenses. The Company
expects that non-interest expense will increase approximately 10 during 2007 as
the Company will incur a full year of expenses from SCSB as opposed to six
months in 2006.

Table 5 provides a breakdown of the Company's non-interest expense for the past
three years.

Table 5 - Analysis of Non-interest Expense

Year Ended in December 31, Percent Increase/(Decrease)
 -------------------------- ---------------------------

(Dollars in thousands) 2006 2005 2004 2006/2005 2005/2004
 ---- ---- ---- --------- ---------
 
Salaries and employee benefits ..................... 10,345 8,843 7,679 17.0 15.2 
Occupancy .......................................... 1,479 1,193 1,130 24.0 5.6
Equipment .......................................... 1,188 1,142 1,231 4.0 (7.2)
Data processing .................................... 2,162 1,883 1,333 14.8 41.3
Marketing and advertising .......................... 527 503 387 4.8 30.0
Legal and professional ............................. 1,097 836 573 31.2 45.9
Other .............................................. 2,318 1,755 1,570 32.1 11.8
 ------- ------- -------

Total .............................................. 19,116 16,155 13,903 18.3 16.2 
 ======= ======= =======

Salaries and benefits, the largest component of non-interest expense, increased
17.0 to 10.3 million in 2006 compared with 8.8 million for 2005 due primarily
to the acquisition of SCSB. The Company increased its full-time equivalent
employees by 49 as a result of the acquisition of SCSB. Excluding salaries and
benefits of 988,000 from SCSB, the increase from 2005 was 5.8 due primarily to
normal, recurring pay raises. The Company's full-time equivalent employees grew
from 182 full-time equivalent employees at December 31, 2005 to 224 full-time
equivalent employees (including 49 from SCSB) at December 31, 2006. Excluding
SCSB, full-time equivalent employees decreased from 2005 by 7 to 175 due to a
retail branch analysis conducted by the Company during 2006 that resulted in
more efficient allocation of retail employees. Salaries and benefits increased
15.2 to 8.8 million in 2005 compared with 7.7 million for 2004 primarily due
to the growth in the Company's level of staffing to 182 full-time equivalent
employees at December 31, 2005 from 169 full-time equivalent employees at
December 31, 2004, primarily in commercial banking, loan operations to support
growth in the loan portfolio, and deposit operations to support growth in
deposit accounts.

Occupancy expenses increased 24.0 to 1.5 million in 2006 compared with 1.2
million for 2005. The increase in occupancy expense is due primarily to the
opening of a new YCB branch in Jefferson County, Kentucky in early 2006 and
entering into a lease for an additional branch in Jefferson County in the third
quarter of 2006 to be opened in 2007. Together, these branches accounted for
approximately 90,000 increase in rent expense in 2006 as compared to 2005. The
remaining increase is due to related to increased utilities, taxes, repairs and
maintenance, and depreciation associated with the new branches and the
acquisition of SCSB, which accounted for 97,000 of additional occupancy expense
in 2006. Occupancy expenses were consistent between 2005 and 2004 growing 5.6 
to 1.2 million from 1.1 million in 2004.

Data processing expense increased 14.8 to 2.2 million in 2006 compared with
 1.9 million for 2005 due to higher item processing costs associated with
increased deposit growth and higher per item charges. Additionally, the
acquisition of SCSB resulted in an additional 71,000 of data processing
expenses in 2006. Data processing expense increased 41.3 during 2005 compared
to 2004 due to higher item processing costs associated with increased deposit
growth, and higher depreciation costs due to building infrastructure designed to
support growth.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 23

Legal and professional expenses increased from 836,000 in 2005 to 1.1 million
in 2006, or 31.2 . The increase is due to 117,000 of expenses incurred by SCSB
during 2006 along with increased legal fees associated with more aggressive
collection efforts on several large commercial credits. Management anticipates
incurring similar charges in 2007 as the Company continues to pursue collection
on certain credits. Legal and profession fees increased from 573,000 in 2004 to
 836,000 in 2005, or 45.9 primarily due to increased legal fees associated with
the increase in nonperforming loans in 2005.

Other operating expenses increased 32.1 to 2.3 million in 2006 compared to
2005 primarily due to the acquisition of SCSB, which incurred approximately
 344,000 of other operating expenses in 2006 including amortization expense of
 176,000 of a core deposit intangible asset acquired as part of the transaction
(see Note 6 to the Company's consolidated financial statements). Another factor
in the increased operating expenses was increased miscellaneous and other taxes
and assessments of approximately 69,000. Other operating expenses increased to
 1.8 million in 2005 from 1.6 million in 2004, or 11.8 due to additional
expenses incurred associated with the Company's growth including postage,
supplies, miscellaneous taxes, and other expense items.

Financial Condition

Loan Portfolio

The Company experienced loan growth of 18.4 during 2006 as total loans
increased 95.2 million to 613.6 million at December 31, 2006. The acquisition
of SCSB accounted for most of the Company's loan growth in 2006; total loans for
SCSB as of December 31, 2006 were 93.0 million. Excluding the balance of loans
acquired, total loans grew by 2.2 million or 0.43 from 2005. Due to the
acquisition, the Company's loan portfolio mix changed from 2005 to 2006. As of
December 31, 2005, residential real estate loans represented 21.6 of the total
loan portfolio while commercial real estate loans comprised 36.0 . Subsequent to
acquisition, at December 31, 2006, residential real estate loans comprised 30.1 
of the portfolio while commercial real estate loans represented 26.8 . Also
contributing to the change in the loan portfolio mix was the reclassification of
certain loans previously classified as commercial real estate to residential
real estate. Management elected to reclassify these loans to more accurately
reflect the collateral securing these loans; the allowance for loan losses or
management's assessment and monitoring were not affected for the loans
reclassified. In total, residential and commercial real estate loans accounted
for approximately the same percentage of the total loan portfolio in 2006 at
56.9 and 2005 at 57.6 . Excluding the acquisition of SCSB, the Company's loan
growth slowed in 2006 as compared to 2005, as management focused on improving
the net interest margin. The Company expects measured growth within its loan
portfolio in 2007 due to new deposit products targeted towards attracting new
small business customers and a more focused sales effort.

Real estate construction loans grew 24.7 including SCSB in 2006 and 14.7 
excluding SCSB due primarily to the continuing strong growth opportunities in
the Company's market areas. At December 31, 2006, real estate construction loans
accounted for 12.4 of total gross loans.

Residential real estate loans increased 64.8 from 112.0 million at December
31, 2005 to 184.5 million at December 31, 2006. The increase was primarily due
to the Company's acquisition of SCSB which accounted for 49.9 million of loan
growth during 2006. Excluding SCSB, residential real estate loans grew by 22.6
million or 20.2 from 2005 due to increase is primarily due to a
reclassification of certain loans previously classified as commercial real
estate to residential real estate to more accurately reflect the underlying
collateral. Management's evaluation and determination of the collectibility and
sufficiency of the underlying collateral was not affected by the
reclassification.

Commercial real estate loans decreased by 22.2 million or 11.9 from 2005 to
 164.4 million as of December 31, 2006. Excluding 14.5 million of commercial
real estate loans acquired as part of the acquisition of SCSB, the decrease was
 36.7 million or 19.7 from 2005. The decrease in commercial real estate loans
is primarily due to a reclassification of loans to residential real estate in
2006 to more accurately reflect the collateral underlying certain loans in the
Company's portfolio. The reclassification did not affect management's evaluation
and determination of the collectibility and sufficiency of the underlying
collateral. Also contributing to the decrease were the efforts of management to
increase its net interest margin by increasing rates on commercial real estate
loans and a dampening of demand due to rising interest rates.

Commercial loans increased to 105.9 million in 2006 from 92.6 million in 2005,
a change of 13.3 million or 14.3 . A portion of the increase was due to the
acquisition of SCSB, which accounted for 8.7 million of commercial loan growth.
While demand for commercial loans has remained strong, rising interest rates
have somewhat diminished the demand for commercial loans in the Company's market
area.

Consumer loans grew by 12.3 million or 168.0 from 2005 to 19.5 million as of
December 31, 2006 due almost entirely to the acquisition of SCSB which, as of
December 31, 2006, totaled 11.9 million.

At the end of 2006, the Company was servicing 20.7 million in mortgage loans
for other investors compared to 24.9 million in 2005. Loans serviced for others
consist of loans the Company has sold to the Federal National Mortgage
Association and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation with servicing rights
retained by the Company.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 24

The Company's lending activities remain primarily concentrated within its
existing markets, and are principally comprised of loans secured by
single-family residential housing developments, owner occupied manufacturing and
retail facilities, general business assets, and single-family residential real
estate. The Company emphasizes the acquisition of deposit relationships from new
and existing commercial business and real estate loan clients.

Table 6 provides a breakdown of the Company's loans by type during the past five
years.

Table 6 - Loans by Type

As of December 31,

(Dollars in thousands) 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ----
 
Real estate:
 Residential ................................. 184,474 111,969 100,553 94,975 81,618
 Commercial .................................. 164,435 186,644 186,175 161,343 119,196
 Construction ................................ 76,126 61,031 38,638 15,691 13,972
Commercial .................................... 105,922 92,640 73,374 72,981 70,234
Home Equity ................................... 62,324 58,060 49,677 42,562 29,595
Consumer ...................................... 19,549 7,295 6,095 5,962 10,488
Loans secured by deposit accounts ............. 756 729 687 546 345
 -------- -------- -------- -------- --------

Total loans ................................... 613,586 518,368 455,199 394,060 325,448
 ======== ======== ======== ======== ========

Table 7 illustrates the Company's fixed rate maturities and repricing frequency
for the loan portfolio.

Table 7 - Selected Loan Distribution

One Over One Over
As of December 31, 2006 Year Through Five Five
(Dollars in thousands) Total Or Less Years Years
 ----- ------- ----- -----
 
Fixed rate maturities:
Real estate:
 Residential .......................................... 139,813 3,993 18,183 117,637
 Commercial ........................................... 44,937 2,843 26,217 15,877
 Construction ......................................... 17,434 3,918 3,692 9,824
Commercial ............................................. 32,116 5,288 18,544 8,284
Home equity ............................................ 12,883 169 3,080 9,634
Consumer ............................................... 19,291 4,502 13,693 1,096
Loans secured by deposits .............................. 756 461 295 --
 -------- -------- -------- --------

Total fixed rate maturities ............................ 267,230 21,174 83,704 163,352
 ======== ======== ======== ========

Variable rate maturities:
Real estate:
 Residential .......................................... 44,661 24,643 17,402 2,616
 Commercial ........................................... 119,498 26,008 73,268 20,222
 Construction ......................................... 58,692 35,895 18,937 3,860
Commercial ............................................. 73,806 51,922 20,380 1,504
Home equity ............................................ 49,441 40,005 3,526 5,910
Consumer ............................................... 258 258 -- --
 -------- -------- -------- --------

Total variable rate maturities ......................... 346,356 178,731 133,513 34,112
 ======== ======== ======== ========

Allowance and Provision for Loan Losses

Federal regulations require insured institutions to classify their assets on a
regular basis. The regulations provide for three categories of classified loans:
substandard, doubtful and loss. The regulations also contain a special mention
and a specific allowance category. Special mention is defined as loans that do
not currently expose an insured institution to a sufficient degree of risk to
warrant classification but do possess credit deficiencies or potential
weaknesses deserving management's close attention. Assets classified as
substandard or doubtful require the institution to establish general allowances
for loan losses. If an asset or portion thereof is classified as loss, the
insured institution must either establish specified allowances for loan losses
in the amount of 100 of the portion of the asset classified loss, or charge off
such amount.

The Company maintains the allowance for loan losses at a level that is
sufficient to absorb probable credit losses incurred in its loan portfolio. The
allowance is determined based on the application of loss estimates to graded
loans by categories. Management determines the level of the allowance for loan
losses based on its evaluation of the collectibility of the loan portfolio,
including the composition of the portfolio, historical loan loss experience,
specific impaired loans, and general economic conditions. Allowances for
impaired loans are generally determined based on collateral values or the
present value of estimated future cash flows. The allowance for loan losses is
increased by a provision for loan losses, which is charged to expense, and
reduced by charge-offs of specific loans, net of recoveries. Changes in the
allowance relating to impaired loans are charged or credited directly to the
provision

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 25

for loan losses. At December 31, 2006, the Company's allowance for loan losses
totaled 5.7 million as compared to 5.9 million and 4.5 million at December
31, 2005 and 2004, respectively. The Company's allowance for loan losses to loan
ratio was 0.92 as of December 31, 2006 compared to 1.14 at December 31, 2005.
The decrease in the allowance to the loan loss was due to several factors
including a lower provision for loan losses in 2006 as compared to 2005 and
increased net charge-offs for which the Company had previously provided for in
years preceding 2006. The Company's net charge-offs in 2006 were from credits
that management had identified and classified in accordance with the Company's
policy for estimating its allowance for loan losses. Accordingly, the Company
recorded a provision for loan losses at the point at which the credits were
identified as classified credits and appropriately adjusted the recorded amount
for changes in circumstances and estimates in collectibility and the underlying
value of the collateral. Most of the credits charged-off in 2006 had been
identified and classified prior to 2006, therefore the provision for loan losses
was not commensurate with the increase in net charge-offs. Also factoring into
the decrease in the allowance for loan losses was a change in the Company's loan
portfolio mix during 2006 as compared to 2005 and management's efforts to
remediate problem credits. Due to the acquisition of SCSB, the Company's
residential real estate loans, which tend to be less risky then other types of
credits, increased from 22 of the portfolio as of December 31, 2005 to 30 of
the portfolio as of December 31, 2006. Correspondingly, commercial and
commercial real estate loans, which tend to be more risky then other types of
credits, decreased from 54 of the portfolio as of December 31, 2005 to 44 of
the portfolio as of December 31, 2006. In addition, management began a more
aggressive initiative to remediate problem credits during 2006 resulting in a
decrease in problem credits from 19.0 million at December 31, 2005 to 16.8
million at December 31, 2006 which included 4.8 million of classified credits
from the acquisition of SCSB. Excluding SCSB, classified credits decreased by
 7.0 million from 2005. The net effect of the loan portfolio shift and
remediation of certain problem credits was to decrease the Company's loan risk
profile and therefore decrease management's estimate of the allowance for loan
losses necessary for losses that are probable within its portfolio.

Provisions for loan losses are charged against earnings to bring the total
allowance for loan losses to a level considered adequate by management based on
historical experience, the volume and type of lending conducted by the Company,
the status of past due principal and interest payments, general economic
conditions, and inherent credit risk related to the collectibility of the
Company's loan portfolio. The provision for loan losses was 262,000 for the
year ended December 31, 2006 as compared to 1,750,000 for 2005 and 1,105,000
for 2004. Management attributes the decrease in the provision for loan losses
for 2006 to a decrease in the balance of classified loans in 2006 as compared to
2005. The Company experienced a decline in the balance of classified of loans of
 2.2 million to 16.8 million at December 31, 2006 compared to 19.0 million as
of December 31, 2005. Excluding the classified loans of SCSB, the Company's
classified loans decreased by 7.0 million from 2005. Also contributing to the
decrease in the provision for loan losses during 2006 was a decrease in the
estimated collateral exposure from classified loans (calculated as the excess of
the loan balance over the estimated value of the collateral securing the loan),
which is a significant factor in management's and calculation of the allowance
for loan losses and the corresponding provision required to achieve the
necessary allowance. The balance of impaired loans increased 1.9 million from
2005 to 4.4 million in 2006 primarily due to one large construction credit. In
2006, the Company recorded a significant partial charge-off of 600,000 on this
credit which reduced the Company's exposure. The Company has previously expensed
and provided an amount for potential losses related to this credit, and, as
such, did not increase the provision for loan losses related to this credit in
2006. The aggregate remaining balance of loans outstanding with this customer as
of December 31, 2006 approximated 3.4 million. Management has allocated amounts
for probable incurred losses associated with this credit and believes the
outstanding balance, net of estimated potential loss, is a materially accurate
assessment of the potential net collectibilty of this credit given the current
circumstances and management's best estimate of the potential outcome as of
December 31, 2006. Management is monitoring the ongoing collection procedures of
this credit and will provide additional amounts should circumstances warrant.
Net charge-offs were 1.3 million during 2006 as compared to 353,000 and
 616,000 for 2005 and 2004, respectively. As previously noted, charge-offs in
2006 were significantly impacted by a partial 600,000 charge-off of a
construction credit. Charge-offs were not materially affected by the acquisition
of SCSB during 2006.

Statements made in this section regarding the adequacy of the allowance for loan
losses are forward-looking statements that may or may not be accurate due to the
impossibility of predicting future events. Because of uncertainties intrinsic in
the estimation process, management's estimate of credit losses inherent in the
loan portfolio and the related allowance may differ from actual results.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 26

Table 8 provides the Company's loan charge-off and recovery activity during the
past five years.

Table 8 - Summary of Loan Loss Experience

Year Ended in December 31,
 --------------------------

(Dollars in thousands) 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ----
 
Allowance for loan losses at beginning of year ............... 5,920 4,523 4,034 3,814 3,030

Acquired allowance of SCSB, July 1, 2006 ..................... 754 -- -- -- --
Charge-offs:
 Residential real estate ................................... (35) (83) (22) (24) (24)
 Commercial real estate .................................... (193) -- (339) (815) (297)
 Construction .............................................. (600) -- -- -- --
 Commercial business ....................................... (138) (194) (245) (158) (189)
 Home equity ............................................... (26) (198) (22) (23) --
 Consumer .................................................. (362) (64) (52) (55) (48)
 ------- ------- ------- ------- -------
 Total ................................................... (1,354) (539) (680) (1,075) (558)
 ------- ------- ------- ------- -------
Recoveries:
 Residential real estate ................................... -- -- 1 -- --
 Commercial real estate .................................... 9 7 24 13 192
 Construction .............................................. -- -- -- -- --
 Commercial business ....................................... 26 34 18 2 --
 Home equity ............................................... -- 3 -- -- --
 Consumer .................................................. 37 142 21 6 6
 ------- ------- ------- ------- -------
 Total ................................................... 72 186 64 21 198
 ------- ------- ------- ------- -------
Net loan charge-offs ......................................... (1,282) (353) (616) (1,054) (360)
Provision for loan losses .................................... 262 1,750 1,105 1,274 1,144
 ------- ------- ------- ------- -------
Allowance for loan losses at end of year ..................... 5,654 5,920 4,523 4,034 3,814
 ======= ======= ======= ======= =======

Ratios:
 Allowance for loan losses to total loans .................. 0.92 1.14 0.99 1.02 1.17 
 Net loan charge-offs to average loans ..................... 0.22 0.07 0.15 0.29 0.12
 Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans ......... 102 108 285 223 120

The following table depicts management's allocation of the allowance for loan
losses by loan type during the last five years. Allowance funding and allocation
is based on management's assessment of economic conditions, past loss
experience, loan volume, past-due history and other factors. Since these factors
and management's assumptions are subject to change, the allocation is not
necessarily indicative of future loan portfolio performance. Allocations of the
allowance may be made for specific loans or loan categories, but the entire
allowance is available for any loan that may be charged off. Loan losses are
charged against the allowance when management deems a loan uncollectible.

Table 9 - Management's Allocation of the Allowance for Loan Losses

As of December 31,

 2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----

 Percent of Loans Percent of Loans Percent of Loans
(Dollars in thousands) Allowance to Total Loans Allowance to Total Loans Allowance to Total Loans
 --------- -------------- --------- -------------- --------- --------------
 
Residential Real Estate 479 30.0 336 21.6 325 22.1 
Commercial Real Estate 2,992 26.8 3,544 36.0 2,162 40.9 
Construction 48 12.4 23 11.8 17 8.5 
Commercial Business 1,501 17.3 1,407 17.9 1,533 16.1 
Home Equity 435 10.2 495 11.2 389 10.9 
Consumer 199 3.3 115 1.5 97 1.5 
 ------ ------ ------

Total 5,654 100.0 5,920 100.0 4,523 100.0 
 ====== ====== ======

As of December 31,

 2003 2002
 ---- ----

 Percent of Loans Percent of Loans
(Dollars in thousands) Allowance to Total Loans Allowance to Total Loans
 --------- -------------- --------- --------------
 
Residential Real Estate 342 24.3 319 25.2 
Commercial Real Estate 1,769 40.9 1,321 36.6 
Construction 5 4.0 80 4.3 
Commercial Business 1,436 18.5 1,764 21.6 
Home Equity 371 10.8 224 9.1 
Consumer 111 1.5 106 3.2 
 ------ ------

Total 4,034 100.0 3,814 100.0 
 ====== ======

Asset Quality

Loans (including impaired loans under Statements of Financial Accounting
Standards 114 and 118) are placed on non-accrual status when they become past
due 90 days or more as to principal or interest. When loans are placed on
non-accrual status, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed. These loans remain
on non-accrual status until the loan becomes current or the loan is deemed
uncollectible and is charged off. The Company defines impaired loans to be those
loans that management has determined it is probable, based on current
information and events, the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due
according to the contractual terms of the loan agreement. Loans individually
classified as impaired decreased from 2.5 million at December 31, 2005 to 1.8
million at December 31, 2006. As previously noted, the decrease in the balance
of impaired credits was due primarily to a charge-off of 600,000 associated
with a large impaired construction credit during 2006. Non-performing assets
also include foreclosed real estate that has been acquired through foreclosure
or acceptance of a deed in lieu of foreclosure. Foreclosed real estate is
carried at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated selling costs, and is
actively marketed for sale.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 27

Total non-performing loans increased from 5.5 million at December 31, 2005 to
 5.6 million at December 31, 2006. The balance of non-performing loans was
substantially affected by the acquisition of SCSB which had non-performing loans
as of December 31, 2006 of 703,000. Excluding the SCSB, non-performing loans
decreased by 640,000 from 2005. These non-performing loans are primarily
secured by real estate and, historically, the Company's interest in the real
estate securing these loans has generally been adequate to limit the Company's
exposure to significant loss. Management's estimate of future credit losses is
inherently uncertain and may differ from actual results.

Table 10 provides the Company's non-performing loan experience during the past
five years.

Table 10 - Non-Performing Assets

As of December 31,
 ------------------

(Dollars in thousands) 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ----
 
Loans on non-accrual status (1) .............................. 5,566 5,498 1,588 1,788 3,171
Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing ............ -- 5 -- 25 --
 ------ ------ ------ ------ ------
Total non-performing loans ................................... 5,566 5,503 1,588 1,813 3,171
Other real estate owned ...................................... 457 106 106 610 630
 ------ ------ ------ ------ ------
Total non-performing assets .................................. 6,023 5,609 1,694 2,423 3,801
 ====== ====== ====== ====== ======

Percentage of non-performing loans to total loans ............ 0.91 1.06 0.35 0.46 0.97 
Percentage of non-performing assets to total loans ........... 0.98 1.08 0.37 0.61 1.17

- ----------
(1) Impaired loans on non-accrual status are included in loans. See Note 4 to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on
 impaired loans.

Investment Securities

Table 11 sets forth the breakdown of the Company's securities portfolio for the
past five years.

Table 11 - Securities Portfolio

December 31,
 ------------

(Dollars in thousands) 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ----
 
Securities Available for Sale:
 U.S. Government and federal agency .................... 29,972 10,921 4,739 -- 8,756
 State and municipal ................................... 11,645 6,449 6,613 15,246 13,040
 Mortgage-backed ....................................... 67,304 66,752 63,943 52,657 61,295
 Corporate bonds ....................................... 12,150 14,471 14,611 14,990 9,283
 Mutual Funds .......................................... 240 242 246 250 --
 -------- ------- ------- ------- -------

 Total securities available for sale ........... 121,311 98,835 90,152 83,143 92,374
 ======== ======= ======= ======= =======

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 28

Table 12 sets forth the breakdown of the Company's investment securities
available for sale by type and maturity as of December 31, 2006.

Table 12 - Investment Securities Available for Sale

As of December 31, 2006
 -----------------------
 Weighted
 Amortized Average
(Dollars in thousands) Cost Fair Value Yield
 ---- ---------- -----
 
U.S. Government and federal agency
 Within one year ........................................... 14,727 14,650 4.30 
 Over one through five years ............................... 13,356 13,279 4.63
 Over five through ten years ............................... 2,000 2,043 5.90
 -------- --------
Total U.S. Government and federal agency ..................... 30,083 29,972 4.55

State and municipal
 Within one year ........................................... 1,231 1,235 7.53 
 Over one through five years ............................... 3,359 3,412 6.31
 Over five through ten years ............................... 1,507 1,535 7.07
 Over ten years ............................................ 5,328 5,463 6.21
 -------- --------
Total state and municipal .................................... 11,425 11,645 6.48

Corporate Bonds
 Within one year ........................................... 2,535 2,507 2.79 
 Over one through five years ............................... 1,011 983 2.91
 Over ten years ............................................ 8,605 8,660 6.89
 -------- --------
Total corporate bonds ........................................ 12,151 12,150 5.72

Total mutual funds ........................................... 250 240 4.36 

Mortgage-backed securities
 Within one year ........................................... 22 22 7.50 
 Over one through five years ............................... 191 192 5.85
 Over five through ten years ............................... 16,628 16,161 3.90
 Over ten years ............................................ 51,810 50,929 4.67
 -------- --------
Total mortgage-backed securities ............................. 68,651 67,304 4.49
 -------- --------

Total available for sale securities .......................... 122,560 121,311 4.81 
 ======== ========

Securities available for sale increased from 98.8 million at December 31, 2005
to 121.3 million at December 31, 2006. The increase in available for sale
securities was due primarily to the acquisition of SCSB which accounted for
 18.4 million in securities available for sale at December 31, 2006. The current
strategy for the securities portfolio is to maintain a short to intermediate
average life that remains relatively stable in a changing interest rate
environment, thus minimizing exposure to sustained increases in interest rates.
The investment portfolio primarily consists of mortgage-backed securities,
securities issued by the United States government and its agencies, securities
issued by states and municipalities, and corporate bonds. Mortgage-backed
securities consist primarily of obligations insured or guaranteed by Federal
Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Federal National Mortgage Association, or
Government National Mortgage Association. The acquisition of SCSB did not
materially impact the Company's investment strategy or change the Company's
investment risk profile as a majority of the acquired securities were U.S.
government or federal agency securities.

Deposits

The Company attracts deposits from the market areas it serves by offering a wide
range of deposit accounts with a variety of rate structures and terms. The
Company uses interest rate risk simulations to assist management in monitoring
the Company's deposit pricing, and periodically may offer special rates on
certificates of deposits and money market accounts to maintain sufficient
liquidity levels. The Company relies primarily on its retail and commercial
sales staff and current customer relationships to attract and retain deposits.
Market interest rates and competitive pressures can significantly affect the
Company's ability to attract and retain deposits. The Company's strategic plan
includes continuing to grow non-interest bearing accounts which contribute to
higher levels of non-interest income and net interest margin.

Total deposits increased 18.3 to 549.9 million at December 31, 2006 compared
to 464.8 million at December 31, 2005, primarily as a result of the acquisition
of SCSB, which accounted for 101.4 (excluding inter-company accounts) of the
increase. Excluding the SCSB acquisition, deposits decreased by 16.3 million
from 2005. The decrease, excluding SCSB, was due to a decline in money market
deposits from 146.7 million in 2005 to 112.3 (excluding SCSB) in 2006.
Management attributes the decline to a focused effort to increase the Company's
net interest margin by reducing the offered rate on its money market accounts.
The decrease in money market accounts was partially offset with increases in
other deposit categories attributed primarily to acquisition of SCSB and
secondarily to the Company's continued, concerted effort to increase deposits
through a focused commitment on improving customer service throughout its retail
delivery systems.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 29

The Company anticipates that it will continue to attract a significant amount of
both non-interest and interest-bearing deposits as it expands its banking
operations and continues to promote it s retail product offerings.

Table 13 provides a profile of the Company's deposits during the past five
years.

Table 13 - Deposits

December 31,
 ------------

(Dollars in thousands) 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002
 ---- ---- ---- ---- ----
 
Demand (NOW) ................................................. 63,542 36,496 38,243 35,973 38,008
Money market accounts ........................................ 115,248 146,659 114,332 82,546 74,448
Savings ...................................................... 30,264 22,507 26,159 28,456 30,656
Individual retirement accounts-savings ....................... -- -- -- -- 338
Individual retirement accounts-certificates of deposit ....... 27,054 19,674 18,771 17,841 16,173
Certificates of deposit, 100,000 and over ................... 95,069 88,592 65,705 41,028 28,048
Other certificates of deposit ................................ 143,891 103,335 104,259 101,085 76,369
 -------- -------- -------- -------- --------

Total interest bearing deposits .............................. 475,068 417,263 367,469 306,929 264,040
Total non-interest bearing deposits .......................... 74,850 47,573 43,837 34,386 25,790
 -------- -------- -------- -------- --------

Total ........................................................ 549,918 464,836 411,306 341,315 289,830
 ======== ======== ======== ======== ========

Short-Term Borrowings

The Company's short-term borrowings consist of repurchase agreements, lines of
credit with other financial institutions and federal funds purchased, which
represent overnight liabilities to non-affiliated financial institutions. While
repurchase agreements are effectively deposit equivalents, these arrangements
consist of securities that are sold to commercial customers under agreements to
repurchase. Short-term borrowings increased 36.6 million from 47.7 million at
December 31, 2005 to 84.3 million at December 31, 2006 mostly due to an
increase in federal funds purchased of 32.7 million and in increase line of
credit borrowings of 3.5 while the balance of repurchase agreements increased
by 466,000. The liquidity provided by the increase in short-term borrowings
were used to offset maturities of FHLB advances during 2006.

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances

FHLB advances decreased from 98.0 million at December 31, 2005 to 92.8 million
at December 31, 2006 primarily due to scheduled maturities of short-term
variable rate advances that were partially replaced with additional FHLB
borrowings; additional liquidity to offset the remaining maturities and cash
flow needs of the Company were obtained through short-term borrowings. The
decrease in FHLB advances was offset by the acquisition of SCSB and its
outstanding FHLB advances of 10.3 million as of December 31, 2006. These
advances principally consist of putable (or convertible) instruments that give
the FHLB the option quarterly to put the advance back to the Company, at which
time the Company can prepay the advance without penalty or can allow the advance
to become variable adjusting to three-month LIBOR (London Interbank Offer Rate).
However, there is a substantial penalty if the Company prepays the advances
prior to the FHLB exercising its option. In calculations provided by the FHLB to
the Company, three month LIBOR would have to rise by more than 200 basis points
from December 31, 2006 levels before the FHLB would exercise its put option.
These advances have various maturities through 2010 (see Note 9 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). The Company does
not anticipate that it will enter into putable advances for the foreseeable
future, but instead may use fixed or variable rate advances to fund balance
sheet growth as needed.

Liquidity

Liquidity levels are adjusted in order to meet funding needs for deposit
outflows, repayment of borrowings, and loan commitments and to meet
asset/liability objectives. The Bank's primary sources of funds are deposits;
repayment of loans and mortgage-backed securities; Federal Home Loan Bank
advances; maturities of investment securities and other short-term investments;
and income from operations. While scheduled loan and mortgage-backed security
repayments are a relatively predictable source of funds, deposit flows and loan
and mortgage-backed security prepayments are greatly influenced by general
interest rates, economic conditions and competition. Liquidity management is
both a daily and long term function of business management. If the Bank requires
funds beyond those generated internally, as of December 31, 2006 the Bank had
 53.2 million in additional capacity under its borrowing agreements with the
FHLB and approximately 18.9 million in federal funds purchased and lines of
credit availability with other financial institutions. The Company anticipates
it will have sufficient funds available to meet current loan commitments and
other credit commitments.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 30

Capital

Total capital of the Company increased to 65.5 million at December 31, 2006
from 42.8 million as of December 31, 2005, an increase of 22.8 million or
53.2 . The increase was significantly affected by the acquisition of SCSB for
which the Company issued 862,875 common shares which accounted for 19.8 million
of the increase. Other factors affecting stockholders' equity during the year
were net income of 4.1 million, an increase in accumulated other comprehensive
income of 1.1 million related to increases in the fair value of the Company's
available for sale securities and interest rate swaps, net of reclassifications
and a net actuarial gain on the Company's pension plan, and 356,000 related to
stock based compensation activity offset by dividends on common shares of 1.9
million and repurchase of common shares of 685,000.

The Company has actively been repurchasing shares of its common stock since May
21, 1999. A net total of 424,423 shares at an aggregate cost of 6.7 million
have been repurchased since that time under both the current and prior
repurchase plans, with 30,000 shares at a cost of 685,000 purchased in 2006.
The Company's Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase plan in May 2001
under which a maximum of 3.0 million of the Company's common stock could be
purchased. Through December 31, 2006, a total of 2.8 million had been expended
to purchase 181,398 shares under this plan. Subsequently, the Company's Board of
Directors authorized a share repurchase plan in October 2004 under which a
maximum of 5.0 million of the Company's common stock may be purchased. Through
December 31, 2006, a total of 1.2 million had been expended to purchase 54,700
shares under this repurchase plan.

Regulatory agencies measure capital adequacy within a framework that makes
capital requirements, in part, dependent on the risk inherent in the balance
sheets of individual financial institutions. The Company and the Banks continue
to exceed the regulatory requirements for Tier I, Tier I leverage and total
risk-based capital ratios (see Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements).

Off Balance Sheet Arrangements

The Company uses off balance sheet financial instruments, such as commitments to
make loans, credit lines and letters of credit to meet customer financing needs.
These agreements provide credit or support the credit of others and usually have
expiration dates but may expire without being used. In addition to credit risk,
the Company also has liquidity risk associated with these commitments as funding
for these obligations could be required immediately. The contractual amount of
these financial instruments with off balance sheet risk was as follows at
December 31, 2006:

 (Dollars in thousands)

Commitments to make loans 14,172
Unused lines of credit 134,986
Standby letters of credit 6,390
 -----------
Total 155,548
 ===========

The Company also utilizes interest rate swap arrangements with notional amounts
totaling 50 million to exchange variable payments of interest tied to the prime
interest rate for receipt of fixed rate payments. The variable rate of the swaps
resets daily, with net interest being settled monthly. The notional amount of
the swaps does not represent amounts exchanged by the parties. The amount
exchanged is determined by reference to the notional amount and other terms of
the swaps. The swaps have been designated by management as cash flow hedges of
its prime rate-based commercial loans to in effect convert the loans from
variable interest to fixed interest rates (See Note 15 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements).

Aggregate Contractual Obligations

As of December 31, 2006

(Dollars in thousands) Less than More than
 Total 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years 5 years
 ----- ------ --------- --------- -------
 
Deposits ............................. 549,918 508,250 33,708 7,886 74
FHLB Borrowings ...................... 92,756 16,477 26,382 49,897 --
Lease commitments .................... 4,106 458 782 751 2,115
 -------- -------- ------- ------- ------

Total ................................ 646,780 525,185 60,872 58,534 2,189
 ======== ======== ======= ======= ======

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 31

Deposits represent non-interest bearing, interest bearing, money market,
savings, certificates of deposit and all other deposits held by the Company.
Deposits that have no stated maturity period are included in the less than
one-year category above.

FHLB advances represent the amounts that are due the FHLB and consist of 67.0
million in convertible fixed rate advances, 13.8 million in fixed rate
advances, and 12.0 million in variable rate advances. With respect to the
convertible fixed rate advances, the FHLB has the quarterly right to require the
Company to choose either conversion of the fixed rate to a variable rate tied to
the three month LIBOR index or prepayment of the advance without penalty. There
is a substantial penalty if the Company prepays the advances before FHLB
exercises its right. Management does not expect these advances to be converted
in the near term.

Lease commitments represent the total minimum lease payments under noncancelable
operating leases, before considering renewal options that generally are present.

Item 7A. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

Asset/liability management is the process of balance sheet control designed to
ensure safety and soundness and to maintain liquidity and regulatory capital
standards while maintaining acceptable net interest income. Interest rate risk
is the exposure to adverse changes in net interest income as a result of market
fluctuations in interest rates. Management continually monitors interest rate
and liquidity risk so that it can implement appropriate funding, investment, and
other balance sheet strategies. Management considers market interest rate risk
to be one of the Company's most significant ongoing business risk
considerations.

The Company currently contracts with an independent third party consulting firm
to measure its interest rate risk position. The consulting firm utilizes an
earnings simulation model to analyze net interest income sensitivity. Current
balance sheet amounts, current yields and costs, corresponding maturity and
repricing amounts and rates, other relevant information, and certain assumptions
made by management are combined with gradual movements in interest rates of 200
basis points up and 200 basis points down within the model to estimate their
combined effects on net interest income over a one-year horizon. Interest rate
movements are spread equally over the forecast period of one year. The Company
feels that using gradual interest rate movements within the model is more
representative of future rate changes than instantaneous interest rate shocks.
The Company does not project growth in amounts for any balance sheet category
when constructing the model because of the belief that projected growth can mask
current interest rate risk imbalances over the projected horizon. The Company
believes that the changes made to its interest rate risk measurement process
have improved the accuracy of results of the process. Consequently, the Company
believes that it has better information on which to base asset and liability
allocation decisions going forward.

Assumptions based on the historical behavior of the Company's deposit rates and
balances in relation to changes in interest rates are incorporated into the
model. These assumptions are inherently uncertain and, as a result, the model
cannot precisely measure future net interest income or precisely predict the
impact of fluctuations in market interest rates on net interest income. The
Company continually monitors and updates the assumptions as new information
becomes available. Actual results will differ from the model's simulated results
due to timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, and actual
variations from the managerial assumptions utilized under the model, as well as
changes in market conditions and the application and timing of various
management strategies.

The base scenario represents projected net interest income over a one year
forecast horizon exclusive of interest rate changes to the simulation model.
Given a gradual 200 basis point increase in the projected yield curve used in
the simulation model ("Up 200 Scenario"), it is estimated that as of December
31, 2006 the Company's net interest income would decrease by an estimated 5.6 ,
or 1.1 million, over the one year forecast horizon. However, considering
reasonable growth assumptions, the Company expects that net interest income will
grow over the forecast horizon. As of December 31, 2005, in the Up 200 Scenario
the Company estimated that net interest income would decrease 3.1 , or 541,000,
over a one year forecast horizon ending December 31, 2006. Given a gradual 200
basis point decrease in the projected yield curve used in the simulation model
("Down 200 Scenario"), it is estimated that as of December 31, 2006 the
Company's net interest income would decrease by an estimated 1.6 , or 324,000,
over the one year forecast horizon. As of December 31, 2005, given a gradual 200
basis point decrease in the projected yield curve used in the simulation model
("Down 200 Scenario"), the Company estimated that net interest income would
decrease 0.8 , or 144,000, over a one year forecast horizon ending December 31,
2006.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 32

The projected results are within the Company's asset/liability management policy
limits, which states that the negative impact to net interest income should not
exceed 7 in a 200 basis point decrease or increase in the projected yield curve
over a one year forecast horizon. The forecast results are heavily dependent on
the assumptions regarding changes in deposit rates; the Company can minimize the
reduction in net interest income in a period of rising interest rates to the
extent that it can curtail raising deposit rates during this period. The Company
continues to explore transactions and strategies to both increase its net
interest income and minimize its interest rate risk.

The interest sensitivity profile of the Company at any point in time will be
affected by a number of factors. These factors include the mix of interest
sensitive assets and liabilities as well as their relative repricing schedules.
Such profile is also influenced by market interest rates, deposit growth, loan
growth, and other factors.

The following tables, which are representative only and are not precise
measurements of the effect of changing interest rates on the Company's net
interest income in the future, illustrate the Company's estimated one year net
interest income sensitivity profile based on the above referenced
asset/liability model as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively:

Interest Rate Sensitivity For 2006

Gradual Gradual
 Decrease Increase
 In Interest In Interest
 Rates of 200 Rates of 200
(Dollars in thousands) Basis Points BASE Basis Points
 ------------ ---- ------------
 
Projected interest income:
 Loans ............................................. 41,508 44,098 46,630
 Investments ....................................... 5,573 5,690 5,814
 FHLB and FRB stock ................................ 364 364 364
 Interest-bearing deposits in other ................
 financial institutions ............................ 340 435 522
 ----------- ----------- -----------
Total interest income ................................. 47,785 50,587 53,330

Projected interest expense:
 Deposits .......................................... 17,575 18,778 20,975
 Federal funds purchased, line of credit and
 repurchase agreements ............................ 4,048 5,006 5,957
 FHLB advances ..................................... 5,211 5,385 5,960
 Subordinated debentures ........................... 1,133 1,276 1,416
 ----------- ----------- -----------
Total interest expense ................................ 27,967 30,445 34,308
 ----------- ----------- -----------

Net interest income ................................... 19,818 20,142 19,022
 =========== =========== ===========

Change from base ...................................... (324) (1,120)
 Change from base .................................... (1.61) (5.56) 

Interest Rate Sensitivity For 2005

Gradual Gradual
 Decrease Increase
 In Interest In Interest
 Rates of 100 Rates of 200
(Dollars in thousands) Basis Points BASE Basis Points
 ------------ ---- ------------
 
Projected interest income:
 Loans ............................................. 32,041 33,870 35,655
 Investments ....................................... 4,388 4,564 4,705
 FHLB stock ........................................ 360 360 360
 Interest-bearing deposits in other ................
 financial institutions ............................ 41 61 69
 ----------- ----------- -----------
Total interest income ................................. 36,830 38,855 40,789

Projected interest expense:
 Deposits .......................................... 12,347 13,510 15,243
 Federal funds purchased and repurchase
 agreements ....................................... 1,100 1,592 2,080
 FHLB advances ..................................... 5,386 5,554 5,747

Subordinated debentures ............................... 450 508 569
 ----------- ----------- -----------
Total interest expense ................................ 19,283 21,164 23,639
 ----------- ----------- -----------

Net interest income ................................... 17,547 17,691 17,150
 =========== =========== ===========

Change from base ...................................... (144) (541)
 Change from base .................................... (0.81) (3.06) 

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 33

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 New Albany, Indiana

 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004

 CONTENTS

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM................... 35

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS............................................. 36

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME....................................... 37

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
 SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY.................................................. 38

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS................................... 41

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS.............................. 43

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 34

[LOGO] CROWE(R)

 Crowe Chizek and Company LLC
 Member Horwath International

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Board of Directors and Shareholders
Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc.
New Albany, Indiana

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Community Bank
Shares of Indiana, Inc. as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the related
consolidated statements of income, changes in shareholders' equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2006. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Community Bank
Shares of Indiana, Inc. as of December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
December 31, 2006 in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting
principles.

/s/ Crowe Chizek and Company LLC

Louisville, Kentucky
March 27, 2007

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 35

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
 December 31
 (In thousands, except share amounts)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2006 2005
 ---- ----
 
ASSETS
Cash and due from financial institutions 20,224 11,225
Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 1,210 1,358
Securities available for sale 121,311 98,835
Loans held for sale 908 1,694
Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of 5,654 and 5,920 607,932 512,448
Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve stock 7,418 8,572
Accrued interest receivable 3,968 2,500
Premises and equipment, net 15,025 10,933
Cash surrender value of life insurance 16,233 13,610
Goodwill 15,983 --
Core deposit intangibles 2,893 --
Other assets 3,528 3,833
 ----------- -----------

 816,633 665,008
 =========== ===========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Deposits
Non interest-bearing 74,850 47,573
 Interest-bearing 475,068 417,263
 ----------- -----------
 Total deposits 549,918 464,836
Short-term borrowings 84,335 47,735
Federal Home Loan Bank advances 92,756 98,000
Subordinated debentures 17,000 7,000
Accrued interest payable 2,178 1,066
Other liabilities 4,905 3,596
 ----------- -----------
 Total liabilities 751,092 622,233

Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 16) -- --

Shareholders' equity
 Preferred stock, without par value;
 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued -- --
 Common stock, .10 par value per share
 10,000,000 shares authorized; 2006 -
 3,863,942 shares issued and 3,439,519
 shares outstanding; 2005 - 3,001,067 issued and
 2,605,544 shares outstanding 386 300
 Additional paid-in capital 45,032 24,971
 Retained earnings 28,519 26,329
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (1,741) (2,838)
 Treasury stock, at cost (2006 - 424,423 shares,
 2005 - 395,523 shares) (6,655) (5,987)
 ----------- -----------
 Total shareholders' equity 65,541 42,775
 ----------- -----------

 816,633 665,008
 =========== ===========

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 See accompanying notes.

36

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
 Years ended December 31
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 
Interest and dividend income
 Loans, including fees 40,299 30,993 24,073
 Taxable securities 4,738 3,352 2,929
 Tax-exempt securities 467 291 376
 Federal Home Loan Bank dividends 397 364 366
 Interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions 132 58 42
 --------- --------- ---------
 46,033 35,058 27,786
Interest expense
 Deposits 16,933 10,782 7,240
 Other short-term borrowings 3,054 1,395 409
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 5,066 4,746 4,979
 Subordinated debentures 942 421 168
 --------- --------- ---------
 25,995 17,344 12,796
 --------- --------- ---------

Net interest income 20,038 17,714 14,990

Provision for loan losses 262 1,750 1,105
 --------- --------- ---------

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 19,776 15,964 13,885

Non-interest income
 Service charges on deposit accounts 3,487 2,593 2,021
 Commission income 107 74 64
 Net gain on sales of available for sale securities -- 23 138
 Net gain on sales of mortgage loans 262 426 322
 Loan servicing income, net of amortization 60 36 49
 Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance 573 527 493
 Gain on recognition of life insurance benefit -- 656 --
 Gain on disposition of equity stock 18 345 --
 Other income 287 185 184
 --------- --------- ---------
 4,794 4,865 3,271

Non-interest expense
 Salaries and employee benefits 10,345 8,843 7,679
 Occupancy 1,479 1,193 1,130
 Equipment 1,188 1,142 1,231
 Data processing 2,162 1,883 1,333
 Marketing and advertising 527 503 387
 Legal and professional service fees 1,097 836 573
 Other expense 2,318 1,755 1,570
 --------- --------- ---------
 19,116 16,155 13,903
 --------- --------- ---------

Income before income taxes 5,454 4,674 3,253

Income tax expense 1,343 925 665
 --------- --------- ---------

Net income 4,111 3,749 2,588
 ========= ========= =========

Earnings per share:
 Basic 1.36 1.43 0.98
 Diluted 1.35 1.41 0.97

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 See accompanying notes.

 37

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 Years ended December 31
 (In thousands except per share amounts)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock Additional
 Shares Paid-In Retained
 Outstanding Amount Capital Earnings
 ----------- ------ ------- --------
 
Balance at January 1, 2004 2,383,696 273 19,497 28,299

Comprehensive income:
 Net income -- -- -- 2,588
Change in net unrealized gains (losses),
 securities available for sale, net of
 reclassification and tax effects -- -- -- --
 Change in unrealized gains (losses),
 interest rate swap net of reclassification
 and tax effects -- -- -- --
 Change in minimum pension liability,
 net of tax effects -- -- -- --

 Total comprehensive income

Stock dividend on common stock (10 238,661 27 5,339 (5,370)
Cash dividends declared .54 per share) -- -- -- (1,419)
Purchase of treasury stock (22,864) -- -- --
Stock options exercised 26,386 -- (31) --
Commitment of shares to be released
 under ESOP 3,775 -- 40 --
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Balance at December 31, 2004 2,629,654 300 24,845 24,098

Comprehensive income:
 Net income -- -- -- 3,749
Change in net unrealized gains (losses),
 securities available for sale, net of
 reclassification and tax effects -- -- -- --

Accumulated Unearned
 Other ESOP and Total
 Comprehensive Performance Treasury Shareholders'
 Loss Share Awards Stock Equity
 ---- ------------ ----- ------
 
Balance at January 1, 2004 (400) (39) (5,341) 42,289

Comprehensive income:
 Net income -- -- -- 2,588
Change in net unrealized gains (losses),
 securities available for sale, net of
 reclassification and tax effects (230) -- -- (230)
 Change in unrealized gains (losses),
 interest rate swap net of reclassification
 and tax effects (361) -- -- (361)
 Change in minimum pension liability,
 net of tax effects (33) -- -- (33)
 ----------
 Total comprehensive income 1,964

Stock dividend on common stock (10 -- -- -- (4)
Cash dividends declared .54 per share) -- -- -- (1,419)
Purchase of treasury stock -- -- (533) (533)
Stock options exercised -- -- 438 407
Commitment of shares to be released
 under ESOP -- 37 -- 77
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Balance at December 31, 2004 (1,024) (2) (5,436) 42,781

Comprehensive income:
 Net income -- -- -- 3,749
Change in net unrealized gains (losses),
 securities available for sale, net of
 reclassification and tax effects (1,259) -- -- (1,259)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 See accompanying notes.

38

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 Years ended December 31
 (In thousands except per share amounts)

Common Stock Additional
 Shares Paid-In Retained
 Outstanding Amount Capital Earnings
 ----------- ------ ------- --------
 
Change in unrealized gains (losses),
 interest rate swap net of reclassification
 and tax effects -- -- -- --
Change in minimum pension liability,
 net of tax effects -- -- -- --

 Total comprehensive income

Cash dividends declared .58 per share) -- -- -- (1,518)
Purchase of treasury stock (24,700) -- -- --
Stock award expense -- -- 125 --
Stock options exercised 375 -- (1) --
Commitment of shares to be released
 under ESOP 215 -- 2 --
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Balance at December 31, 2006 2,605,544 300 24,971 26,329

Comprehensive income:
Net income -- -- -- 4,111
Change in net unrealized gains,
 securities available for sale, net of
 reclassification and tax effects -- -- -- --
Change in unrealized gains (losses),
 interest rate swap net of reclassification
 and tax effects -- -- -- --
Net actuarial gain on defined benefit plan,
 net of tax effects -- -- -- --

 Total comprehensive income

Accumulated Unearned
 Other ESOP and Total
 Comprehensive Performance Treasury Shareholders'
 Loss Share Awards Stock Equity
 ---- ------------ ----- ------
 
Change in unrealized gains (losses),
 interest rate swap net of reclassification
 and tax effects (534) -- -- (534)
Change in minimum pension liability,
 net of tax effects (21) -- -- (21)
 ----------
 Total comprehensive income 1,935

Cash dividends declared .58 per share) -- -- -- (1,518)
Purchase of treasury stock -- -- (557) (557)
Stock award expense -- -- -- 125
Stock options exercised -- -- 6 5
Commitment of shares to be released
 under ESOP -- 2 -- 4
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Balance at December 31, 2006 (2,838) -- (5,987) 42,775

Comprehensive income:
Net income -- -- -- 4,111
Change in net unrealized gains,
 securities available for sale, net of
 reclassification and tax effects 631 -- -- 631
Change in unrealized gains (losses),
 interest rate swap net of reclassification
 and tax effects 390 -- -- 390
Net actuarial gain on defined benefit plan,
 net of tax effects 76 -- -- 76
 ----------
 Total comprehensive income 5,208

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 See accompanying notes.

39

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
 Years ended December 31
 (In thousands except per share amounts)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Common Stock Additional
 Shares Paid-In Retained
 Outstanding Amount Capital Earnings
 ----------- ------ ------- --------
 
Cash dividends declared .64 per share) -- -- -- (1,921)
Purchase of treasury stock (30,000) -- -- --
Acquisition of The Bancshares, Inc. 862,875 86 19,722 --
Stock award expense -- -- 261 --
Stock options exercised 1,100 -- (2) --
Tax benefit from stock options exercised -- -- 80 --
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Balance at December 31, 2006 3,439,519 386 45,032 28,519
 ========== ========== ========== ==========

Accumulated Unearned
 Other ESOP and Total
 Comprehensive Performance Treasury Shareholders'
 Loss Share Awards Stock Equity
 ---- ------------ ----- ------
 
Cash dividends declared .64 per share) -- -- -- (1,921)
Purchase of treasury stock -- -- (685) (685)
Acquisition of The Bancshares, Inc. -- -- -- 19,808
Stock award expense -- -- -- 261
Stock options exercised -- -- 17 15
Tax benefit from stock options exercised -- -- -- 80
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
Balance at December 31, 2006 (1,741) -- (6,655) 65,541
 ========== ========== ========== ==========

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 See accompanying notes.

 40

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
 Years ended December 31
 (In thousands)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 
Cash flows from operating activities
 Net income 4,111 3,749 2,588
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to
 net cash from operating activities
 Provision for loan losses 262 1,750 1,105
 Depreciation and amortization 1,287 1,231 1,256
 Net amortization of securities 9 259 387
 Net gain on sales of available for sale securities -- (23) (138)
 Mortgage loans originated for sale (17,418) (27,622) (20,227)
 Proceeds from mortgage loan sales 18,466 27,702 27,887
 Net gain on sales of mortgage loans (262) (426) (322)
 Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance (573) (527) (493)
 Gain on life insurance benefit -- (656) --
 Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends (37) (207) (366)
 Share-based compensation expense 332 155 --
 ESOP compensation expense -- 4 77
 Net gain on sale of other real estate (20) -- --
 Gain on disposition of equity stock (18) (345) --
 Net change in
 Accrued interest receivable (503) (641) (10)
 Accrued interest payable 862 337 378
 Other assets 484 (1,644) (280)
 Other liabilities (351) 1,901 1081
 --------- --------- ---------
 Net cash from operating activities 6,631 4,997 12,923

Cash flows from investing activities
 Acquisition of The Bancshares, Inc., net (795) -- --
 Net change in interest-bearing deposits 164 501 358
 Available for sale securities:
 Sales 2,990 5,127 8,596
 Purchases (18,980) (26,608) (28,455)
 Maturities, prepayments and calls 18,969 10,655 12,253
 Loan originations and payments, net (7,914) (63,993) (69,443)
 Purchase of premises and equipment, net (2,248) (616) (1,473)
 Proceeds from the sale of other real estate 416 -- --
 Redemption of FHLB stock 2,011 -- --
 Proceeds from life insurance benefit -- 977 --
 Investment in cash surrender value of life insurance (2,050) (1,854) --
 --------- --------- ---------
 Net cash from investing activities (7,437) (75,811) (78,164)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 See accompanying notes.

 41

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
 Years ended December 31
 (In thousands)

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 
Cash flows from financing activities
 Net change in deposits (18,784) 53,530 69,991
 Net change in short-term borrowings 36,600 4,106 (1,696)
 Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 128,300 86,500 10,000
 Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances (143,800) (70,500) (18,200)
 Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debentures 10,000 -- 7,000
 Exercise of stock options 15 5 407
 Purchase of treasury stock (685) (557) (533)
 Tax benefit of stock options exercised 80 -- --
 Cash dividends paid (1,921) (1,518) (1,419)
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 Net cash from financing activities 9,805 71,566 65,550
 ----------- ----------- -----------

Net change in cash and due from banks 8,999 752 309

Cash and due from banks at beginning
 of year 11,225 10,473 10,164
 ----------- ----------- -----------

Cash and due from banks at end of year 20,224 11,225 10,473
 =========== =========== ===========

Supplemental cash flow information:
 Interest paid 25,133 17,007 12,418
 Income taxes paid, net of refunds 1,145 1,460 368

Supplemental noncash disclosures:
 Transfers from loans to loans held for sale -- -- 7,513
 Transfers from loans to foreclosed real estate 506 471 175
 Sale and financing of foreclosed real estate 249 -- --

See Note 2 regarding noncash transactions included in the Company's acquisition
of The Bancshares, Inc.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 See accompanying notes.

 42

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Nature of Operations and Principles of Consolidation: The consolidated financial
statements include Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. and its wholly owned
subsidiaries, Your Community Bank (YCB) and The Scott County State Bank (SCSB),
collectively referred to as "the Company". YCB utilizes three wholly-owned
subsidiaries to manage its investment portfolio. CBSI Holdings, Inc. and CBSI
Investments, Inc. are Nevada corporations which jointly own CBSI Investment
Portfolio Management, LLC, a Nevada limited liability corporation which holds
and manages the Bank's investment securities. YCB established a new Community
Development Entity (CDE) subsidiary in July 2002 named CBSI Development Fund,
Inc. The CDE enables YCB to participate in the federal New Markets Tax Credit
(NMTC) Program. The NMTC Program is administered by the Community Development
Financial Institutions Fund of the United States Treasury and is designed to
promote investment in low-income communities by providing a tax credit over
seven years for equity investments in CDE's. During June 2004 and June 2006, the
Company completed placements of floating rate subordinated debentures through
Community Bank Shares (IN) Statutory Trust I and Trust II (Trusts), trusts
formed by the Company. Because the Trusts are not consolidated with the Company,
pursuant to FASB Interpretation No. 46, the financial statements reflect the
subordinated debt issued by the Company to the Trusts. Intercompany balances and
transactions are eliminated in consolidation. On July 1, 2006, the Company
completed its acquisition of The Bancshares, Inc. and its wholly-owned
subsidiary SCSB; subsequently, the Company liquidated The Bancshares, Inc.

The Company provides financial services through its offices in Floyd, Clark and
Scott counties in Indiana, and Jefferson and Nelson counties in Kentucky. Its
primary deposit products are checking, savings, and term certificate accounts,
and its primary lending products are residential mortgage, commercial, and
installment loans. Substantially all loans are secured by specific items of
collateral including business assets, consumer assets, and commercial and
residential real estate. Commercial loans are expected to be repaid from cash
flow from operations of businesses. There are no significant concentrations of
loans to any one industry or customer. However, the customers' ability to repay
their loans is dependent on the real estate and general economic conditions in
the area.

Use of Estimates: To prepare financial statements in conformity with the United
States generally accepted accounting principles management makes estimates and
assumptions based on available information. These estimates and assumptions
affect the amounts reported in the financial statements and the disclosures
provided, and actual results could differ. The allowance for loan losses,
valuation of goodwill and other intangible assets, and deferred tax assets are
particularly subject to change.

Cash Flows: Cash and cash equivalents include cash and non-interest bearing
deposits with other financial institutions with maturities less than 90 days.
Net cash flows are reported for interest-bearing deposits in other financial
institutions, loans, deposits, and short-term borrowings.

Interest-bearing Deposits in Other Financial Institutions: Interest-bearing
deposits in other financial institutions mature within one year, are carried at
cost.

Securities: Securities are classified as available for sale when they might be
sold before maturity. Securities available for sale are carried at fair value,
with unrealized holding gains and losses reported in other comprehensive income,
net of tax.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 43

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Interest income includes amortization of purchase premium or discount. Premiums
and discounts on securities are amortized on the level-yield method without
anticipating prepayments except for mortgage backed securities where prepayments
are anticipated. Gains and losses on sales are recorded on the trade date and
determined using the specific identification method.

Declines in the fair value of securities below their cost that are other than
temporary are reflected as realized losses. In estimating other-than-temporary
losses, management considers: the length of time and extent that fair value has
been less than cost, the financial condition and near term prospects of the
issuer, and the Company's ability and intent to hold the security for a period
sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in fair value.

Mortgage Banking Activities: Mortgage loans originated and intended for sale in
the secondary market are carried at the lower of aggregate cost or market value.
To deliver closed loans to the secondary market and to control its interest rate
risk prior to sale, the Company enters into agreements to sell loans. The
aggregate market value of mortgage loans held for sale considers the price of
the sales contracts. Loan commitments related to the origination of mortgage
loans held for sale and the corresponding sales contracts are considered
derivative instruments. The Company's commitments are for fixed rate mortgage
loans, generally lasting 60 days and are at market rates when initiated. The
Company had commitments to originate 1,134,000 and 4,307,000 in loans and an
equal amount of corresponding sales contracts at December 31, 2006 and 2005. The
impact of accounting for these instruments as derivatives was not material and
substantially all of the gain on sale generated from mortgage banking activities
continues to be recorded when closed loans are delivered into the sales
contracts.

The Company sells loans on a servicing released basis. The Company sold loans
previous to 2006 on a servicing retained basis. Servicing assets are recorded on
loans sold with servicing retained and are capitalized in other assets and
expensed into other income against service fee income in proportion to, and over
the period of, estimated net servicing revenues. Impairment is evaluated based
on the fair value of the assets, using groupings of the underlying loans as to
interest rates and then, secondarily, as to geographic and prepayment
characteristics. Fair value is determined using prices for similar assets with
similar characteristics, when available, or based upon discounted cash flows
using market-based assumptions. Any impairment of a grouping is reported as a
valuation allowance, to the extent that fair value is less than the capitalized
amount for a grouping.

Servicing fee income is recorded for fees earned for servicing loans. The fees
are based on a contractual percentage of the outstanding principal; or a fixed
amount per loan and are recorded as income when earned. The amortization of
mortgage servicing rights is netted against loan servicing fee income.

Loans: Loans that management has the intent and ability to hold for the
foreseeable future or until maturity or payoff are reported at the principal
balance outstanding, net of deferred loan fees and costs and an allowance for
loan losses.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 44

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Interest income is accrued on the unpaid principal balance. Mortgage loan
origination fees, net of certain direct origination costs, are deferred and
recognized in interest income using the level-yield method without anticipating
prepayments. Interest income on commercial, mortgage and consumer loans is
discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days delinquent. Consumer loans are
typically charged-off no later than 120 days past due. In all cases, loans are
placed on non-accrual or charged-off at an earlier date if collection of
principal or interest is considered doubtful. All interest accrued but not
received for loans placed on non-accrual is reversed against interest income.
Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or
cost-recovery method, until qualifying for return to accrual. Loans are returned
to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts contractually due
are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.

Purchased Loans: The Company purchases groups of loans in purchase business
combinations. Purchased loans acquired in a business combination that show
evidence of credit deterioration since origination are recorded at the allocated
fair value, such that there is no carryover of the seller's allowance for loan
losses. After acquisition, incurred losses are recognized by an increase in the
allowance for loan losses.

Purchased loans are accounted for individually or aggregated into pools of loans
based on common risk characteristics (e.g., credit score, loan type, and date of
origination). The Company estimates the amount and timing of expected cash flows
for each purchased loan or pool, and the expected cash flows in excess of amount
paid is recorded as interest income over the remaining life of the loan or pool
(accretable yield). The excess of the loans' or pool's contractual principal and
interest over expected cash flows is not recorded (nonaccretable difference).

Over the life of the loan or pool, expected cash flows continue to be estimated.
If the present value of expected cash flows is less than the carrying amount, a
loss is recorded. If the present value of expected cash flows is greater than
the carrying amount, it is recognized as part of future interest income.

During 2006, the Company acquired loans as part of its acquisition of SCSB with
a book value as of the acquisition date of 89.2 million. The Company determined
loans acquired as part of the acquisition showing evidence of credit
deterioration were not material.

Allowance for Loan Losses: The allowance for loan losses is a valuation
allowance for probable incurred credit losses, increased by the provision for
loan losses and decreased by charge-offs less recoveries. Management estimates
the allowance balance required using past loan loss experience, the nature and
volume of the portfolio, information about specific borrower situations and
estimated collateral values, economic conditions, and other factors. Allocations
of the allowance may be made for specific loans, but the entire allowance is
available for any loan that, in management's judgment, should be charged-off.
Loan losses are charged against the allowance when management believes the
uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 45

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

The allowance consists of specific and general components. The specific
component relates to loans that are individually classified as impaired or loans
otherwise classified as substandard, doubtful, or loss. The general component
covers non-classified loans and is based on historical loss experience adjusted
for current factors.

A loan is impaired when full payment under the loan terms is not expected.
Commercial and commercial real estate loans are individually evaluated for
impairment. If a loan is impaired, a portion of the allowance is allocated so
that the loan is reported, net, at the present value of estimated future cash
flows using the loan's existing rate or at the fair value of collateral if
repayment is expected solely from the collateral. Smaller balance homogeneous
loans, such as consumer and residential real estate, are collectively evaluated
for impairment, and accordingly, they are not separately identified for
impairment disclosure.

Premises and Equipment: Land is carried at cost. Premises and equipment are
stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Buildings and related components
are depreciated using the straight-line method with useful lives ranging from 7
to 40 years. Furniture, fixtures, and equipment are depreciated using the
straight-line method with useful lives ranging from 2 to 10 years.

Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) and Federal Reserve Stock: FHLB and Federal
Reserve stock are required investments for institutions that are members of the
Federal Reserve and FHLB systems. The required investment in the common stock is
based on a predetermined formula. Federal Reserve and FHLB stock are carried at
cost, classified as restricted securities, and are periodically evaluated for
impairment. Because the stocks are viewed as long term investments, impairment
is based on ultimate recovery of par value. Both cash and stock dividends are
reported as income.

Cash Surrender Value of Life Insurance: The Company has purchased life insurance
policies on certain key executives. The life insurance is recorded at the amount
that can be realized, which is referred to as the cash surrender value.

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets: Goodwill results from business
acquisitions and represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value
of acquired tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable intangible assets.
Goodwill is assessed at least annually for impairment and any such impairment is
recognized in the period identified.

Other intangible assets consist of core deposit intangible assets arising from
bank acquisitions. They are initially measured at fair value and then are
amortized on an accelerated method over their estimated useful lives of 10
years.

Long-term Assets: Premises and equipment, core deposit intangibles and other
long-term assets are reviewed for impairment when events indicate their carrying
amount may not be recoverable from future undiscounted cash flows. If impaired,
the assets are recorded at fair value.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 46

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Foreclosed Assets: Assets acquired through or instead of loan foreclosure are
initially recorded at fair value when acquired, establishing a new cost basis.
If fair value declines, a valuation allowance is recorded through expense. Costs
after acquisition are expensed. Foreclosed assets amounted to 457,000 and
 106,000 at year-end 2006 and 2005, respectively, and are included in other
assets in the consolidated balance sheets.

Repurchase Agreements: Repurchase agreement liabilities, included in short-term
borrowings, represent amounts advanced by various customers. Securities are
pledged to cover these liabilities, which are not covered by federal deposit
insurance.

Equity: Stock dividends of 20 or less are reported by transferring the fair
value, as of the ex-dividend date, of the stock issued from retained earnings to
common stock and additional paid-in capital. Fractional share amounts are paid
in cash with a reduction in retained earnings.

Benefit Plans: Pension expense is the net of service and interest cost, return
on plan assets, and amortization of gains and losses not immediately recognized.
The Company adopted FAS 158 in 2006, and accordingly, recognizes the overfunded
or underfunded status of its defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or
liability in its balance sheet and will recognize changes in the funded status
in the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income beginning in
2007. Profit sharing and 401k plan expense is the amount contributed determined
by formula.

Stock Compensation: Prior to 2005, employee compensation expense under stock
options is reported using the intrinsic value method. No stock-based
compensation cost was reflected in net income, as all options granted had an
exercise price equal to or greater than the market price of the underlying
common stock at date of grant. Effective January 1, 2005, the Company adopted
the fair value recognition provision of FASB Statement No. 123(r), Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation, and recognizes stock option expense based on fair
value at date of grant. The following table illustrates for 2004 the effect on
net income and earnings per share if expense was measured using the fair value
recognition provisions of FAS 123(r).

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 47

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

2004
 ----

 (In thousands, except per share amounts)
 
Net income as reported 2,588
Less: Stock-based compensation expense
 determined under fair value based method (46)
 ---------
Pro forma net income 2,542
 =========

Basic earnings per share as reported 0.98
Pro forma basic earnings per share 0.97

Diluted earnings per share as reported 0.97
Pro forma diluted earnings per share 0.96

The weighted-average assumptions for options granted during the year and the
resulting estimated weighted average fair values per share used in computing pro
forma disclosures are as follows.

2004
 ----
 
 Risk-free interest rate 3.97 
 Expected option life 9.1 years
 Expected stock price volatility 15.92 
 Expected dividend yield 2.61 
 Weighted-average fair value of options
 granted during the year 3.78

Income Taxes: Income tax expense is the total of the current year income tax due
or refundable and the change in deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred
tax assets and liabilities are the expected future tax amounts for the temporary
differences between carrying amounts and tax bases of assets and liabilities,
computed using enacted tax rates. A valuation allowance, if needed, reduces
deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized.

Employee Stock Ownership Plan: The cost of shares issued to the ESOP, but not
yet committed to be released or allocated to participants, is shown as a
reduction of shareholders' equity. Compensation expense is based on the market
price of shares as they are committed to be released to participant accounts.
Dividends on allocated ESOP shares reduce retained earnings; dividends on
unearned ESOP shares reduce debt and accrued interest. Participants may put
their ESOP shares back to the Company upon termination. If the Company
repurchases the ESOP shares, an amount equal to these shares times current
market price is reclassified out of shareholders' equity.

Loan Commitments and Related Financial Instruments: Financial instruments
include off-balance sheet credit instruments, such as commitments to make loans
and standby letters of credit, issued to meet customer-financing needs. The face
amount for these items represents the exposure to loss, before considering
customer collateral or ability to repay. Such financial instruments are recorded
when they are funded.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 48

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Derivatives: Derivative financial instruments are recognized as assets or
liabilities at fair value. The Company's derivatives consist mainly of interest
rate swap agreements, which are used as part of its asset liability management
to help manage interest rate risk. The Company does not use derivatives for
trading purposes.

At the start of a derivative contract, the Company designates the derivative as
one of three types based on the Company's intentions and belief as to likely
effectiveness as a hedge. These three types are a hedge of the fair value of a
recognized asset or liability or of an unrecognized firm commitment ("fair value
hedge"), a hedge of a forecasted transaction or the variability of cash flows to
be received or paid related to a recognized asset or liability ("cash flow
hedge"), or an instrument with no hedging designation ("stand-alone
derivative"). For a fair value hedge, the gain or loss on the derivative, as
well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged item, are recognized in
current earnings as fair values change. For a cash flow hedge, the gain or loss
on the derivative is reported in other comprehensive income and is reclassified
into earnings in the same periods during which the hedged transaction affects
earnings. For both types of hedges, derivative gains and losses that are not
effective in hedging the changes in fair value or expected cash flows of the
hedged item are recognized immediately in current earnings. Changes in the fair
value of derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are reported
currently in earnings, as noninterest income.

Net cash settlements on derivatives that qualify for hedge accounting are
recorded in interest income or interest expense, based on the item being hedged.
Net cash settlements on derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting are
reported in noninterest income. Cash flows on hedges are classified in the cash
flow statement the same as the cash flows of the items being hedged.

The Company formally documents the relationship between derivatives and hedged
items, as well as the risk-management objective and the strategy for undertaking
hedge transactions. This documentation includes linking fair value or cash flow
hedges to specific assets and liabilities on the balance sheet or to specific
firm commitments or forecasted transactions. The Company also formally assesses,
both at the hedge's inception and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivative
instruments that are used are highly effective in offsetting changes in fair
values or cash flows of the hedged items. The Company discontinues hedge
accounting when it determines that the derivative is no longer effective in
offsetting changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item, the
derivative is settled or terminates, a hedged forecasted transaction is no
longer probable, a hedged firm commitment is no longer firm, or treatment of the
derivative as a hedge is no longer appropriate or intended.

When hedge accounting is discontinued, later changes in fair value of the
derivative are recorded as noninterest income. When a fair value hedge is
discontinued, the hedged asset or liability is no longer adjusted for changes in
fair value and the existing basis adjustment is amortized or accreted over the
remaining life of the asset or liability. When a cash flow hedge is discontinued
but the hedged cash flows or forecasted transaction is still expected to occur,
gains or losses that were accumulated in other comprehensive income are
amortized into earnings over the same periods which the hedged transactions will
affect earnings.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 49

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Earnings Per Common Share: Basic earnings per common share is net income divided
by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the period.
ESOP shares are considered outstanding for this calculation unless unallocated.
Diluted earnings per common share include the dilutive effect of additional
potential common shares issuable under stock options. Earnings and dividends per
share are restated for stock splits and dividends through the date of issuance
of the financial statements.

Comprehensive Income: Comprehensive income consists of net income and other
comprehensive income. Other comprehensive income, recognized as separate
components of equity, includes changes in the following items: unrealized gains
and losses on securities available for sale, unrealized gains and losses on
interest rate swaps, and a minimum pension liability.

Loss Contingencies: Loss contingencies, including claims and legal actions
arising in the ordinary course of business, are recorded as liabilities when the
likelihood of loss is probable and an amount or range of loss can be reasonably
estimated. Management does not believe there are currently such matters that
will have a material effect on the financial statements.

Restrictions on Cash: Cash on hand or on deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank
of 6.5 million and 4.1 million was required to meet regulatory reserve and
clearing requirements at year-end 2006 and 2005. These balances do not earn
interest.

Dividend Restriction: Banking regulations require maintaining certain capital
levels and may limit the dividends paid by the bank subsidiaries to the holding
company or by the holding company to shareholders, as more fully described in a
separate note. These restrictions pose no practical limit on the ability of the
subsidiaries or Holding Company to pay dividends at historical levels.

Fair Value of Financial Instruments: Fair values of financial instruments are
estimated using relevant market information and other assumptions, as more fully
disclosed in a separate note. Fair value estimates involve uncertainties and
matters of significant judgment regarding interest rates, credit risk,
prepayments, and other factors, especially in the absence of broad markets for
particular items. Changes in assumptions or in market conditions could
significantly affect the estimates.

Operating Segments: While the chief decision-makers monitor the revenue streams
of the various products and services, the identifiable segments are not material
and operations are managed and financial performance is evaluated on a
Company-wide basis. Accordingly, all of the financial service operations are
considered by management to be aggregated in one reportable operating segment.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 50

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

Adoption of New Accounting Standards:

FASB Statement No. 158: In September 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards
Board (FASB) issued SFAS No. 158, Employers' Accounting for Defined Benefit
Pension and Other Postretirement Plans - an amendment of FASB Statements No. 87,
88, 106 and 132(R). This Statement requires an employer to recognize the
overfunded or underfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan (other
than a multiemployer plan) as an asset or liability in its balance sheet,
beginning with year end 2006, and to recognize changes in the funded status in
the year in which the changes occur through comprehensive income beginning in
2007. Additionally, defined benefit plan assets and obligations are to be
measured as of the date of the employer's fiscal year-end, starting in 2008.
Adoption had no impact on the financial statements of the Company because the
benefits under the Company's defined benefit plan are suspended.

SAB 108:

In September 2006, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) released Staff
Accounting Bulletin No. 108, Considering the Effects of Prior Year Misstatements
when Quantifying Misstatements in Current Year Financial Statements (SAB 108),
which is effective for fiscal years ending on or after November 15, 2006. SAB
108 provides guidance on how the effects of prior-year uncorrected financial
statement misstatements should be considered in quantifying a current year
misstatement. SAB 108 requires public companies to quantify misstatements using
both an income statement (rollover) and balance sheet (iron curtain) approach
and evaluate whether either approach results in a misstatement that, when all
relevant quantitative and qualitative factors are considered, is material. If
prior year errors that had been previously considered immaterial now are
considered material based on either approach, no restatement is required so long
as management properly applied its previous approach and all relevant facts and
circumstances were considered. Adjustments considered immaterial in prior years
under the method previously used, but now considered material under the dual
approach required by SAB 108, are to be recorded upon initial adoption of SAB
108. The adoption of SAB 108 had no effect on the Company's financial statements
for the year ending December 31, 2006

Effect of Newly Issued But Not Yet Effective Accounting Standards:

In February 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
Statement No. 155, Accounting for Certain Hybrid Financial Instruments-an
amendment to FASB Statements No. 133 and 140. This Statement permits fair value
re-measurement for any hybrid financial instruments, clarifies which instruments
are subject to the requirements of Statement No. 133, and establishes a
requirement to evaluate interests in securitized financial assets and other
items. The new standard is effective for financial assets acquired or issued
after the beginning of the entity's first fiscal year that begins after
September 15, 2006. Management does not expect the adoption of this statement to
have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of
operations.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 51

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

In March 2006, the FASB issued Statement No. 156, Accounting for Servicing of
Financial Assets-an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140. This Statement provides
the following: 1) revised guidance on when a servicing asset and servicing
liability should be recognized; 2) requires all separately recognized servicing
assets and servicing liabilities to be initially measured at fair value, if
practicable; 3) permits an entity to elect to measure servicing assets and
servicing liabilities at fair value each reporting date and report changes in
fair value in earnings in the period in which the changes occur; 4) upon initial
adoption, permits a onetime reclassification of available-for-sale securities to
trading securities for securities which are identified as offsetting the
entity's exposure to changes in the fair value of servicing assets or
liabilities that a servicer elects to subsequently measure at fair value; and 5)
requires separate presentation of servicing assets and servicing liabilities
subsequently measured at fair value in the statement of financial position and
additional footnote disclosures. This standard is effective as of the beginning
of an entity's first fiscal year that begins after September 15, 2006 with the
effects of initial adoption being reported as a cumulative-effect adjustment to
retained earnings. Management does not expect the adoption of this statement
will have a material impact on its consolidated financial position or results of
operations.

In September 2006, the FASB issued Statement No. 157, Fair Value Measurements.
This Statement defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring fair
value and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. This Statement
establishes a fair value hierarchy about the assumptions used to measure fair
value and clarifies assumptions about risk and the effect of a restriction on
the sale or use of an asset. The standard is effective for fiscal years
beginning after November 15, 2007. The Company has not completed its evaluation
of the impact of the adoption of this standard.

In July 2006, the FASB issued FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes - an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109 (FIN
48), which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for a
tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. FIN 48 also provides
guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in
interim periods, disclosure and transition. FIN 48 is effective for fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2006. The Company has determined that the adoption
of FIN 48 will not have a material effect on the consolidated financial
statements.

In September 2006, the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force finalized Issue No. 06-4,
Accounting for Deferred Compensation and Postretirement Benefit Aspects of
Endorsement Split-Dollar Life Insurance Arrangements. This issue requires that a
liability be recorded during the service period when a split-dollar life
insurance agreement continues after participants' employment or retirement. The
required accrued liability will be based on either the post-employment benefit
cost for the continuing life insurance or based on the future death benefit
depending on the contractual terms of the underlying agreement. This issue is
effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2007. The Company has
not completed its evaluation of the impact of adoption of EITF 06-4.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 52

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

In September 2006, the FASB Emerging Issues Task Force finalized Issue No. 06-5,
Accounting for Purchases of Life Insurance - Determining the Amount That Could
Be Realized in Accordance with FASB Technical Bulletin No. 85-4 (Accounting for
Purchases of Life Insurance). This issue requires that a policyholder consider
contractual terms of a life insurance policy in determining the amount that
could be realized under the insurance contract. It also requires that if the
contract provides for a greater surrender value if all individual policies in a
group are surrendered at the same time, that the surrender value be determined
based on the assumption that policies will be surrendered on an individual
basis. Lastly, the issue discusses whether the cash surrender value should be
discounted when the policyholder is contractually limited in its ability to
surrender a policy. This issue is effective for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2006. The Company does not believe the adoption of this issue will
have a material impact on the financial statements.

Reclassifications: Some items in the prior years' financial statements were
reclassified to conform to the current presentation.

NOTE 2 - BUSINESS COMBINATION

On July 1, 2006, the Company acquired 100 of the outstanding shares of The
Bancshares, Inc. (TBI), parent of SCSB. Operating results of TBI were included
in the consolidated financial statements of the Company from July 1, 2006. As a
result of the acquisition, the Company expects to further improve its market
share in its southern Indiana market, expand its customer base to improve
deposit fee income, provide an opportunity to market additional products and
services to new customers, and reduce operating costs through economies of
scale. The aggregate purchase price was 30.8 million. Approximately 11.0
million was paid in cash and 19.8 million was paid through the issuance of the
Company's common stock to TBI shareholders. The purchase price resulted in
approximately 16.0 million in goodwill, and 3.1 million in core deposit
intangible. The intangible asset will be amortized over 10 years. Goodwill will
not be amortized but instead evaluated periodically for impairment. Goodwill and
core deposit intangibles will not be deducted for tax purposes. Total assets of
approximately 148 million were acquired, which includes approximately 88
million in loans, and 24 million in investments. Liabilities assumed in the
acquisition totaled approximately 117 million, which includes 104 million in
deposits and 10 million in Federal Home Loan Bank advances.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 53

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 2 - BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)

The following table summarizes the estimated fair value of assets acquired and
liabilities assumed (amounts in thousands).

 Securities available for sale 24,418
 Loans, net 87,999
 Goodwill 15,983
 Core deposit intangible 3,069
 Premises and equipment 3,045
 Other assets 13,403
 ---------
 Total assets acquired 147,917

 Deposits (103,952)
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances (10,170)
 Other liabilities (2,986)
 ---------
 Total liabilities assumed (117,108)

 Net assets acquired 30,809
 =========

As of the date of this report, the Company was in the process of obtaining third
party valuations and completing fair value estimates for certain assets acquired
and liabilities assumed, and the allocation of the purchase price is subject to
further refinement.

The following table presents pro forma information for years ended December 31,
2006 and 2005 as if the acquisition had occurred at the beginning of 2006 and
2005. The pro forma information includes adjustments for interest income on
loans and securities acquired, amortization of intangibles arising from the
transaction, depreciation expense on property acquired, interest expense on
deposits acquired, and the related income tax effects. The pro forma financial
information is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations as they
would have been had the transactions been effected on the assumed dates.

 2006 2005
 ---- ----
 (In thousands, expect per share amounts)

Net interest income 22,464 22,250

 Net income 3,470 4,537
 ========== ==========

Basic earnings per share 1.01 1.30
Diluted earnings per share 1.00 1.29

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 54

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 3 - SECURITIES

The fair value of available for sale securities and the related gross unrealized
gains and losses recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss were as
follows.

 Gross Gross
 Fair Unrealized Unrealized
 Value Gains Losses
 ----- ----- ------
 (In thousands)
2006
- ----
 U. S. Government and federal agency 29,972 48 (159)
 State and municipal 11,645 228 (8)
 Mortgaged-backed 67,304 117 (1,464)
 Corporate bonds 12,150 55 (56)
 Mutual funds 240 -- (10)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
 Total 121,311 448 (1,697)
 ========== ========== ==========

2005
- ----
 U. S. Government and federal agency 10,921 5 (198)
 State and municipal 6,449 147 (17)
 Mortgaged-backed 66,752 13 (2,025)
 Corporate bonds 14,471 74 (149)
 Mutual funds 242 -- (8)
 ---------- ---------- ----------
 Total 98,835 239 (2,397)
 ========== ========== ==========

Sales of available for sale securities were as follows.

2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 (In thousands)
 
Proceeds 2,990 5,127 8,596
Gross gains -- 30 141
Gross losses -- (7) (3)

The tax provision applicable to these net realized gains amounted to 0, 8,000
and 47,000, respectively.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 55

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 3 - SECURITIES (Continued)

Contractual maturities of available for sale securities at year-end 2006 were as
follows. Mortgage-backed securities and mutual funds which do not have a single
maturity date are shown separately.

 Fair
 Value
 -----
 (In thousands)

 Due in one year or less 18,392
 Due from one to five years 17,674
 Due from five to ten years 3,578
 Due after ten years 14,123
 Mortgage-backed 67,304
 Mutual Funds 240
 --------

 Total 121,311
 ========

Securities pledged at year-end 2006 and 2005 had a carrying amount of 89.3
million and 80.8 million to secure public deposits, repurchase agreements and
Federal Home Loan Bank advances.

At year end 2006 and 2005, there were no holdings of securities of any one
issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater
than 10 of shareholders' equity.

Securities with unrealized losses at year end 2006 and 2005, aggregated by
investment category and length of time that individual securities have been in a
continuous loss position are as follows (in thousands):

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 56

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 3 - SECURITIES (Continued)

Less than 12 Month 12 Months or More Total
 --------------------- --------------------- -----
 Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized Fair Unrealized
2006 Value Loss Value Loss Value Loss
- ---- ----- ---- ----- ---- ----- ----
 
 U. S. Government
 and federal agency 11,838 (28) 11,647 (131) 23,485 (159)
 State and municipal 125 (1) 737 (7) 862 (8)
 Mortgage-backed 4,571 (26) 50,473 (1,438) 55,044 (1,464)
 Corporate bonds -- -- 3,490 (56) 3,490 (56)
 Mutual funds -- -- 240 (10) 240 (10)
 --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- ---------

Total temporarily
 impaired 16,534 (55) 66,587 (1,642) 83,121 (1,697)
 ========= ========= ========= ========= ========= =========

2005
- ----
 U. S. Government
 and federal agency 4,341 (41) 4,651 (157) 8,992 (198)
 State and municipal 615 (17) -- -- 615 (17)
 Mortgage-backed 28,420 (521) 37,479 (1,504) 65,899 (2,025)
 Corporate bonds -- -- 5,504 (149) 5,504 (149)
 Mutual funds 242 (8) -- -- 242 (8)
 --------- --------- --------- --------- --------- ---------

Total temporarily
 impaired 33,618 (587) 47,634 (1,810) 81,252 (2,397)
 ========= ========= ========= ========= ========= =========

Unrealized losses on securities have not been recognized into income because the
issuers' securities are of high credit quality (rated A- or higher), management
has the intent and ability to hold for the foreseeable future, and the decline
in fair value is largely due to increases in market interest rates. Management
has concluded these losses are not significant individually, or in the
aggregate; the fair value is expected to recover as the securities approach
their maturity date and/or market rates decline.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 57

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 4 - LOANS

Loans at year-end were as follows:

 2006 2005
 ---- ----
 (In thousands)

Commercial 105,922 92,640
Real Estate:
 Residential 184,474 111,969
 Commercial 164,435 186,644
 Construction 76,126 61,031
Home equity 62,324 58,060
Loans secured by deposit accounts 756 729
Consumer 19,549 7,295
 --------- ---------
 Subtotal 613,586 518,368
Less: Allowance for loan losses (5,654) (5,920)
 --------- ---------

Loans, net 607,932 512,448
 ========= =========

During 2006 and 2005, substantially all of the Company's residential and
commercial real estate loans were pledged as collateral to the Federal Home Loan
Bank to secure advances.

Activity in the allowance for loan losses was as follows:

 2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 (In thousands)

Beginning balance 5,920 4,523 4,034
Acquired allowance of SCSB, July 1, 2006 754 -- --
Provision for loan losses 262 1,750 1,105
Loans charged-off (1,354) (539) (680)
Recoveries 72 186 64
 --------- --------- ---------

Ending balance 5,654 5,920 4,523
 ========= ========= =========

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 58

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 4 - LOANS (Continued)

Information about impaired loans is presented below. There were no impaired
loans for the periods presented without an allowance allocation.

2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 (In thousands)
 
 Impaired loans at year-end 4,399 2,483 780
 Amount of the allowance for loan losses allocated 865 1,146 288
 Average of impaired loans during the year 4,783 1,300 1,171
 Interest income recognized during impairment 1 3 8

Nonperforming loans at year-end were as follows

 Loans past due over 90 days still on accrual -- 5 --
 Non-accrual loans 5,566 5,498 1,588

Nonperforming loans includes both smaller balance homogenous loans that are
collectively evaluated for impairment and individually classified impaired
loans.

Related Party Loans: Loans and off-balance-sheet commitments (including
commitments to make loans, unused lines of credit, and letters of credit) to
principal officers, directors, and their affiliates were as follows.

 2006
 ----
 (In thousands)

 Beginning loans 19,129
 New loans 6,866
 Effect of changes in related parties 908
 Repayments (8,640)
 ----------

 Ending loans 18,263
 ==========

Mortgage Banking Activities: Mortgage loans serviced for others are not included
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The unpaid principal balances
of mortgage loans serviced for others were approximately 20.7 million and 24.9
million at year-end 2006 and 2005. Custodial escrow balances maintained in
connection with the foregoing loan servicing, and included in non-interest
bearing deposits, were approximately 133,000 and 156,000 at year-end 2006 and
2005. Servicing assets related to these loans, included in other assets, were
 155,000 and 164,000 at year-end 2006 and 2005. Amortization expense was 9,000
and 48,000 at year-end 2006 and 2005, and there was no valuation allowance
required. The fair value for mortgage servicing rights were 219,000 and
 269,000 at year-end 2006 and 2005.

The weighted average amortization period is 19.9 years. Estimated amortization
expense for each of the next five years is approximately 8,000 per year.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 59

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 5- PREMISES AND EQUIPMENT

Year-end premises and equipment were as follows.

2006 2005
 ---- ----
 (In thousands)
 
Land and land improvements 2,629 1,294
Buildings 13,074 9,674
Furniture, fixtures and equipment 9,976 7,025
Leasehold improvements 982 737
 --------- ---------
 26,661 18,730

Less: Accumulated depreciation (11,636) (7,797)
 --------- ---------
 15,025 10,933
 ========= =========

Rent expense was 409,000, 329,000 and 305,000 for 2006, 2005, and 2004,
respectively. Rent commitments under noncancelable operating leases (in
thousands) were as follows, before considering renewal options that generally
are present.

 2007 458
 2008 390
 2009 392
 2010 380
 2011 371
 Thereafter 2,115
 --------

 Total 4,106
 ========

NOTE 6 - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

Goodwill

The change in balance for goodwill during the year is as follows (in thousands):

 2006
 ----

Beginning of year --
Acquired goodwill (see Note 2) 15,983
 -------

End of year 15,983
 =======

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 60

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 6 - GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

Acquired Intangible Assets

Acquired intangible assets were as follows at year end (in thousands):

 2006
 ----
 Gross
 Carrying Accumulated
 Amount Amortization
 ------ ------------
Amortized intangible assets:
Core deposit intangibles (see Note 2) 3,069 176
 =========== ============

Aggregate amortization expense was 176,000 for 2006.

Estimated amortization expense for each of the next five years (in thousands):

2007 405
2008 351
2009 317
2010 306
2011 299

NOTE 7 - DEPOSITS

Time deposits of 100,000 or more were 102.0 million and 93.1 million at
year-end 2006 and 2005.

Scheduled maturities of time deposits for the next five years (in thousands)
were as follows:

 2007 224,477
 2008 17,426
 2009 16,282
 2010 6,914
 2011 972

Deposits from principal officers, directors and their affiliates at year-end
2006 and 2005 were approximately 10.8 million and 8.5 million.

NOTE 8 - SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS

Short-term borrowings consist of, retail repurchase agreements representing
overnight borrowings from deposit customers, effectively deposit equivalents,
federal funds purchased representing overnight borrowings from other financial
institutions, and lines of credit with other financial institutions. The debt
securities sold under the repurchase agreements were under the control of the
subsidiary banks during 2006 and 2005.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 61

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 8 - SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS (Continued)

The Company has available a revolving line of credit with a bank for 10.0
million. The line of credit expires on June 30, 2007 and bears interest at LIBOR
plus 1.25 (6.65 at December 31, 2006). Payments are due quarterly and are
interest only. All borrowings are collateralized by 500 shares of the Company's
common stock. The outstanding balance on the line of credit was 3.5 million and
 0 at December 31, 2006 and 2005.

Information concerning 2006 and 2005 short-term borrowings is summarized as
follows.

2006 2005
 ---- ----
 (Dollars in thousands)
 
Repurchase agreements at year-end
 Balance 48,201 47,735
 Weighted average interest rate 4.84 3.72 
Repurchase agreements during the year
 Average daily balance 49,581 39,905
 Maximum month-end balance 57,455 47,735
 Weighted average interest rate 4.58 2.76 

Federal funds purchased and lines of credit at year-end
 Balance 36,134 --
 Weighted average interest rate 5.29 --
Federal funds purchased and lines of credit during the year
 Average daily balance 14,571 8,779
 Maximum month-end balance 36,134 32,772
 Weighted average interest rate 5.37 3.35 

NOTE 9 - FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES

At year-end, advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) were as follows.

2006 2005
 --------------------------- ---------------------------
 Weighted Weighted
 Average Average
 Rate Amount Rate Amount
 ---- ------ ---- ------
 (Dollars in thousands)
 
 Fixed rate 5.69 80,756 5.72 80,000
 Variable rate 5.34 12,000 4.30 18,000
 ----------- -----------
 92,756 98,000
 =========== ===========

The advances were collateralized by 336.5 million and 257.3 million of first
mortgage and commercial real estate loans under a blanket lien arrangement and
certain available for sale securities at year-end 2006 and 2005. Based on this
collateral and the Company's holdings of FHLB stock, the Company is eligible to
borrow up to 136.2 million at year-end 2006.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 62

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 9 - FEDERAL HOME LOAN BANK ADVANCES (Continued)

The contractual maturities of advances outstanding as of December 31, 2006 are
as follows:

 Fixed Variable
 ----- --------
 (In thousands)

 2007 4,477 12,000
 2008 4,437 --
 2009 21,945 --
 2010 49,897 --

The fixed rate advances consisted of 67.0 million in convertible advances. The
FHLB has the quarterly right to require the Company to choose either conversion
of the fixed rate to a variable rate tied to the three month LIBOR index or
prepayment of the advance without penalty. There is a substantial penalty if the
Company prepays the advances before FHLB exercises its right.

NOTE 10 - SUBORDINATED DEBENTURES

On June 15, 2006, a trust formed by the Company, Community Bank Shares (IN)
Statutory Trust II (Trust II), issued 10.0 million of floating rate trust
preferred securities as part of a pooled offering of such securities. On June
17, 2004, a trust formed by the Company, Community Bank Shares (IN) Statutory
Trust I (Trust I), issued 7.0 million of floating rate trust preferred
securities as part of a pooled offering of such securities. The Company issued
subordinated debentures to Trusts I and II in exchange for the proceeds of each
offering; the debentures and related debt issuance costs represent the sole
assets of Trusts I and II. Distributions on the trust preferred securities are
payable quarterly in arrears at the annual rate (adjusted quarterly) of
three-month LIBOR plus 1.70 (7.06 as of the last adjustment) for Trust II and
three-month LIBOR plus 2.65 (8.01 as of the last adjustment) for Trust I and
are included in interest expense.

The maturity dates of the subordinated debentures are June 15, 2036 for Trust II
and June 17, 2034 for Trust I. The subordinated debentures may be redeemed by
the Company, in whole or in part, at any distribution payment date on or after
the distribution payment date in June 2011 for Trust II and June 2009 for Trust
I, at the redemption price. The subordinated debentures have variable rates,
adjusted quarterly, which are identical to the trust preferred securities. In
addition, the subordinated debentures are redeemable in whole or in part from
time to time, upon the occurrence of specific events defined within the trust
debenture. The Company has the option to defer interest payments on the
subordinated debt from time to time for period not to exceed five consecutive
years.

Trust Preferred Securities are considered as Tier I capital for the Company
under current regulatory guidelines.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 63

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 11 - BENEFIT PLANS

Defined Benefit Plans: The Company sponsors a defined benefit pension plan. The
benefits are based on years of service and the employees' highest average of
total compensation for five consecutive years of employment. In 1997, the plan
was amended such that there can be no new participants or increases in benefits
to the participants. The Company uses December 31st as its measurement date for
its pension plan.

A reconciliation of the projected benefit obligation and the value of plan
assets follow.

 2006 2005
 ---- ----
 (In thousands)

Change in projected benefit obligation
 Balance, beginning of year 951 870
 Interest cost 52 49
 Actuarial (gain) loss (45) 52
 Benefits paid to participants (25) (20)
 --------- ---------

 Ending benefit obligation 933 951

Change in plan assets
 Fair value, beginning of year 598 556
 Actual return on plan assets 86 21
 Employer contributions -- 41
 Benefits paid to participants (25) (20)
 --------- ---------

 Fair value, end of year 659 598
 --------- ---------

 Funded status (274) (353)

 Unrecognized net actuarial loss -- 436
 --------- ---------

 Net amount recognized (274) 83
 ========= =========

Prior to adoption of FAS Statement 158, amounts (in thousands) recognized in the
balance sheet at December 31, 2005 consist of:

 Prepaid benefit cost 83
 Accrued benefit cost (436)
 Deferred tax asset 125
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 311
 ---------

 Net amount recognized 83
 =========

Amounts recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, 2006
consisted of a net actuarial loss of 311,000.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 64

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 11 - BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)

The components of pension expense and related actuarial assumptions were as
follows.

2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 (Dollars in thousands)
 
Interest cost 52 49 47
Expected return on plan assets (49) (45) (42)
Amortization of unrecognized loss 43 41 36
 -------- -------- --------
 Pension expense 46 45 41
 ======== ======== ========

Discount rate on benefit obligation 5.75 5.50 5.75 
Rate of expected return on plan assets 8.00 8.00 8.00 

The estimated net loss for the defined benefit pension plan that will be
amortized from accumulated other comprehensive loss into net periodic benefit
cost over the next fiscal year is 27,000.

Plan Assets: The Company's target allocation for 2007, pension plan asset
allocation at year-end 2006 and 2005, and expected long-term rate of return by
asset category are as follows:

Target Percentage of Plan Weighted-Average
 Allocation Assets at Year-end Expected Long-Term
 2007 2006 2005 Rate of Return
 ---- ---- ---- --------------
 
Asset Category
 Mutual funds 85 88 83 9.0 
 Money market 15 12 17 4.0
 ----- -----

 Total 100 100 8.0 
 ===== =====

The expected long-term return is based on a periodic review and modeling of the
plan's asset allocation and liability structure over a long-term horizon.
Expectations of returns on each asset class are the most important of the
assumptions used in the review and modeling and are based on reviews of
historical data. The expected long-term rate of return on assets was selected
from within the reasonable range of rates determined by (a) historical real
returns, net of inflation, for the asset classes covered by the investment
policy, and (b) projections of inflation over the long-term period during which
benefit are payable to plan participants.

The plan's investment policy includes guidelines and procedures designed to
ensure assets are invested in a manner necessary to meet expected future
benefits earned by participants. The investment guidelines consider a broad
range of economic conditions. Central to the policy are target allocation (shown
above) by major asset categories. The objectives of the target allocations are
to maintain investment portfolios that limit risk through prudent asset
allocation parameters, achieve asset returns that meet or exceed the plans'
actuarial assumptions, and achieve asset returns that are competitive with like
institutions employing similar investment strategies.

Management periodically reviews the investment policy. The policy is established
and administered in a manner so as to comply at all times with applicable
government regulations.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 65

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 11 - BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)

Estimated Future Payments: The following benefit payments, which reflect
expected future service, are expected (in thousands):

 Pension Benefits
 ----------------

 2007 27
 2008 27
 2009 27
 2010 26
 2011 26
 Years 2012-2016 140

The Company expects to contribute approximately 70,000 to its pension plan in
2007.

Your Community Bank is a participant in the Financial Institutions Retirement
Fund, a multi-employer defined benefit pension plan covering two of its
employees. Employees are fully vested at the completion of five years of
participation in the plan. No contributions were required during the three-year
period ended December 31, 2006. There have been no new enrollments since 1998.

Defined Benefit Plans - SCSB:

The Company acquired a defined benefit retirement plan upon the purchase of
SCSB. Per the merger agreement, the plan was curtailed. The Company expects to
settle this plan in the second quarter of 2007. Plan assets total 2,773,000 and
are invested primarily in certificates of deposit. The projected termination
liability is 2,758,000. The Company has a 25,000 liability included in other
liabilities on the balance sheet.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 66

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 11 - BENEFIT PLANS (Continued)

Employee Stock Ownership Plan: Employees participate in an Employee Stock
Ownership Plan (ESOP). Dividends on allocated shares increase participant
accounts. Participants receive the shares at the end of employment.
Contributions to the ESOP during 2006, 2005 and 2004 were 0, 2,000 and
 37,000. Expense for 2006, 2005 and 2004 was 0, 4,000 and 77,000. Shares held
by the ESOP trust and allocated to participants were 37,000 as of year end 2006
and 2005. As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, there were no unearned ESOP shares
held by the ESOP trust

Deferred Compensation Arrangements: The Company has entered into deferred
compensation arrangements with certain directors and officers. The liability for
such arrangements is fully accrued during the service period, with benefits paid
monthly upon retirement until death, or date specified by the agreement. The
liability was 409,000 and 455,000 at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively.
Expense related to these arrangements for 2006, 2005 and 2004 was 17,000,
 18,000 and 19,000.

Defined Contribution Plans: The 401(k) benefit plan matches employee
contributions equal to 100 of the first 3 of the compensation contributed.
Expense for 2006, 2005 and 2004 was 206,000, 133,000 and 111,000.

NOTE 12 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS

The Company has two share based compensation plans as described below. Total
compensation cost that has been charged against income for those plans was
 332,000, 155,000, and 0 for 2006, 2005, and 2004. The total income tax
benefit was 82,000, 35,000, and 0.

Stock Options: The Company's 2005 stock option plan provides for the granting of
both incentive and nonqualified stock options for up to 400,000 shares of common
stock at exercise prices not less than the fair market value of the common stock
on the date of grant and expiration dates of up to ten years. Additionally,
there are 116,000 shares available for grant under the 1997 stock option plan.
Terms of the options are determined by the Board of Directors at the date of
grant and generally vest over periods of three to four years. Non-employee
directors are eligible to receive only nonqualified stock options. As of
December 31, 2006, the plan allows for additional option grants of up to 262,550
shares.

The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the
Black-Scholes model that uses the assumptions noted in the table below. Expected
volatilities are based on historical volatilities of the Company's common stock.
The Company uses historical data to estimate option exercise and post-vesting
termination behavior. The expected term of options granted is based on
historical data and represents the period of time that options granted are
expected to be outstanding, which takes into account that the options are not
transferable. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option is
based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of the grant.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 67

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 12 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS (Continued)

The fair value of options granted was determined using the following
weighted-average assumptions as of grant date.

 2006 2005
 ---- ----

Risk-free interest rate 5.07 3.66 
Expected term 5.7 years 5.6 years
Expected stock price volatility 16.09 15.70 
Dividend yield 2.91 2.58 

A summary of the activity in the stock option plan for 2006 follows:

Weighted
 Weighted Average
 Average Remaining Aggregate
 Exercise Contractual Intrinsic
 Shares Price Term Value
 ------ ----- ---- -----
 (in thousands) (in thousands)
 
Outstanding at beginning of year 199 19.28
Granted 65 22.70
Exercised (1) 14.09
Forfeited or expired (10) 19.13
 ---------
Outstanding at end of year 253 20.19 6.7 756
 ========= ========= ========= =========

Exercisable at end of year 109 15.95 3.7 716
 ========= ========= ========= =========

Information related to the stock option plan during each year follows (in
thousands, except for weighted fair value of options granted):

2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 
Intrinsic value of options exercised 9 3 193
Cash received from option exercises 15 5 407
Tax benefit realized from option exercises 80 -- --
Weighted average fair value of options granted 3.61 2.76 3.78

As of December 31, 2006, there was 298,000 of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to nonvested stock options granted under the Plan. The cost is
expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.71 years.

Performance Units Awards: The Company may grant performance unit awards to
employees for up to 275,000 shares of common stock. The level of performance
shares eventually distributed is contingent upon the achievement of specific
performance criteria within a specified award period set at the grant date. The
Company estimates the progress toward achieving these objectives when estimating
the number of awards expected to vest and correspondingly, periodic compensation
expense.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 68

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 12 - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS (Continued)

The compensation cost attributable to these restricted performance units awards
is based on both the fair market value of the shares at the grant date and the
Company's stock price at the end of a reporting cycle. Thirty-five percent of
the total award will be paid in cash and is therefore classified as a liability,
with total compensation cost changing as the Company's stock price changes. The
remaining sixty-five percent is classified as an equity award; total
compensation cost is based on the fair market value of sixty-five percent of the
total award on the date of grant. The compensation expense is recognized over
the specified performance period.

A summary of changes in the Company's nonvested units for the year follows:

 Weighted-Average
 Grant-Date
 Nonvested Units Units Fair Value
 --------------- ----- ----------
 (in thousands)

 Nonvested at January 1, 2006 24 22.51
 Granted 31 22.45
 Vested (12) 22.51
 Forfeited (12) 22.51
 -------

 Nonvested at December 31, 2006 31 22.45
 =======

As of December 31, 2006, there was 248,000 of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to nonvested units granted under the Plan. The cost is expected to
be recognized over a weighted-average period of 2.0 years. The total fair value
of units vested during the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 was
 259,000, 0 and 0. There were no modifications or cash paid to settle
performance unit awards during the three year period ending December 31, 2006.

NOTE 13 - INCOME TAXES

Income tax expense (benefit) was as follows.

 2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 (In thousands)

Current 1,177 1,525 599
Deferred 81 (597) 3
Change in valuation allowance 85 (3) 63
 --------- --------- ---------
 Total 1,343 925 665
 ========= ========= =========

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 69

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 13 - INCOME TAXES (Continued)

Effective tax rates differ from federal statutory rates applied to financial
statement income due to the following.

2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 (Dollars in thousands)
 
Federal statutory rate times
 financial statement income 1,854 34.0 1,589 34.0 1,106 34.0 
Effect of:
 Tax-exempt income (222) (4.1) (153) (3.3) (156) (4.8)
 State taxes, net of federal
 benefit (85) (1.6) 3 0.1 (63) (2.1)
 Change in
 valuation allowance 85 1.6 (3) (0.1) 63 2.1
 Nontaxable earnings from
 cash surrender value
 of life insurance policies (195) (3.6) (402) (8.6) (168) (5.2)
 New markets tax credit (150) (2.8) (150) (3.2) (150) (4.6)
 Incentive stock options expense 31 0.6 17 0.4 -- --
 Other, net 25 0.5 24 0.5 33 0.8
 ------- ------- ------- ------- ------- -------

 Total 1,343 24.6 925 19.8 665 20.2 
 ======= ======= ======= ======= ======= =======

Year-end deferred tax assets and liabilities were due to the following.

2006 2005
 ---- ----
 (In thousands)
 
Deferred tax assets:
 Allowance for loan losses 2,263 2,228
 Employee benefit plans 291 187
 Minimum pension liability 121 170
 Net unrealized loss on securities available for sale 406 734
 Net unrealized depreciation on interest rate swap 535 734
 Net operating loss carryforward 345 260
 Other 58 27
 ----------- -----------
 4,019 4,340
 Deferred tax liabilities:
 Premises and equipment (528) (428)
 FHLB stock (377) (507)
 Deferred loan fees and costs (155) (160)
 Mortgage servicing rights (62) (62)
 Fair value adjustments from acquisitions (230) --
 Intangible assets (1,157) --
 Prepaid pension expense (211) --
 Prepaid expenses (65) --
 Other (130) (37)
 ----------- -----------
 (2,915) (1,194)
Valuation allowance on net deferred tax assets (345) (260)
 ----------- -----------
Net deferred tax asset 759 2,886
 =========== ===========

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 70

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 13 - INCOME TAXES (Continued)

The Company incurred net operating losses for state income taxes during years
2002 through 2006 which will be carried forward and applied to future state
taxable income. Due to the uncertainty of the Company's ability to use this
benefit, a valuation allowance has been recorded. The cumulative state net
operating loss is 4.1 million and can be carried forward for 15 years with
expiration beginning in 2017.

Retained earnings of Your Community Bank includes approximately 3.7 million for
which no deferred income tax liability has been recognized. This amount
represents an allocation of income to bad debt deductions as of December 31,
1987 for tax purposes only. Reduction of amounts so allocated for purposes other
than tax bad debt losses including redemption of bank stock or excess dividends,
or loss of "bank" status would create income for tax purposes only, which would
be subject to the then-current corporate income tax rate. The unrecorded
deferred income tax liability on the above amount for Your Community Bank at
December 31, 2006 was approximately 1.3 million.

NOTE 14 - CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS AND RESTRICTIONS ON RETAINED EARNINGS

Banks and bank holding companies are subject to regulatory capital requirements
administered by federal banking agencies. Capital adequacy guidelines and,
additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations involve
quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet
items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and
classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators. Failure
to meet capital requirements can initiate regulatory action.

Prompt corrective action regulations provide five classifications: well
capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly
undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized, although these terms are not
used to represent overall financial condition. If adequately capitalized,
regulatory approval is required to accept brokered deposits. If
undercapitalized, capital distributions are limited, as is asset growth and
expansion, and capital restoration plans are required. As of December 31, 2006
and 2005, the most recent regulatory notifications categorized YCB and SCSB as
well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action.
There are no considerations or events since December 31, 2006 that management
believes have changed the institution's classification as well capitalized.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 71

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 14 - CAPITAL REQUIREMENTS AND RESTRICTIONS ON RETAINED EARNINGS
(Continued)

Actual and required capital amounts and ratios are presented below at year-end.

To Be Well
 Capitalized Under
 For Capital Prompt Corrective
 Actual Adequacy Purposes Action Provisions
 ------ ----------------- -----------------
 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio
 ------ ----- ------ ----- ------ -----
 (Dollars in millions)
 
2006
- ----
Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets):
 Consolidated 71.0 11.4 50.0 8.0 N/A N/A
 Your Community Bank 60.5 11.1 43.5 8.0 54.3 10.0 
 Scott County State Bank 13.4 16.3 6.6 8.0 8.2 10.0

Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets):
 Consolidated 65.4 10.5 25.0 4.0 N/A N/A
 Your Community Bank 55.5 10.2 21.7 4.0 32.6 6.0 
 Scott County State Bank 12.6 15.4 3.3 4.0 4.9 6.0

Tier I Capital (to Average Assets):
 Consolidated 65.4 8.1 32.3 4.0 N/A N/A
 Your Community Bank 55.5 8.1 27.5 4.0 34.3 5.0 
 Scott County State Bank 12.6 9.8 5.1 4.0 6.4 5.0

2005
- ----
Total Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets):
 Consolidated 58.3 10.5 44.2 8.0 N/A N/A
 Your Community Bank 57.9 10.5 44.2 8.0 55.3 10.0 

Tier I Capital (to Risk Weighted Assets):
 Consolidated 52.3 9.5 22.1 4.0 N/A N/A
 Your Community Bank 52.0 9.4 22.1 4.0 33.2 6.0 

Tier I Capital (to Average Assets):
 Consolidated 52.3 8.0 26.3 4.0 N/A N/A
 Your Community Bank 52.0 7.9 26.3 4.0 32.8 5.0 

Dividend Restrictions: The Company's principal source of funds for dividend
payments is dividends received from the Banks. Banking regulations limit the
amount of dividends that may be paid without prior approval of regulatory
agencies. Under these regulations, the amount of dividends that may be paid in
any calendar year is limited to the current year's retained net profits,
combined with the retained net profits of the preceding two years, subject to
the capital requirements described above. During 2007, the YCB and SCSB could,
without prior approval, declare dividends of approximately 5,621,000 and
 639,000 plus any 2007 net profits retained to the date of the dividend
declaration, respectively.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 72

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 15 - INTEREST RATE SWAPS

On August 30, 2002, the Company entered into a 25,000,000 notional amount
interest rate swap arrangement to exchange variable payments of interest tied to
Prime for receipt of fixed rate payments of 6.51 . An additional 25,000,000
notional amount interest rate swap was entered into on June 19, 2003 to exchange
variable payments of interest tied to Prime for receipt of fixed rate payments
of 5.22 . The variable rate of the swaps resets daily, with net interest being
settled monthly. The notional amount of the swaps does not represent amounts
exchanged by the parties. The amount exchanged is determined by reference to the
notional amount and other terms of the swaps.

The swaps have been designated by management as cash flow hedges of its
Prime-based commercial loans to in effect convert the loans from variable
interest to weighted average fixed interest rates of 6.76 on the initial swap
until the swap's maturity on August 30, 2007, and 5.58 on the subsequent swap
until its maturity on June 19, 2008. The hedge relationships were determined to
be highly effective. As such, changes in the fair value of the swaps are
reported in other comprehensive income and will be reclassified to earnings over
the lives of the hedges. During the 12 months ended December 31, 2006 and 2005,
respectively, the Company recognized expense of 1,061,000 and 163,000. Based
on current rates, 1,035,000 is expected to be transferred out of accumulated
other comprehensive income as a reduction of interest income during 2007. The
fair value of the swaps were liabilities of 1.3 million and 1.9 million as of
year-end 2006 and 2005 and are reported in other liabilities in the Company's
consolidated financial statements.

NOTE 16 - OFF-BALANCE-SHEET ACTIVITIES

Some financial instruments, such as commitments to make loans for the Company's
portfolio, credit lines and letters of credit, are issued to meet
customer-financing needs. These are agreements to provide credit or to support
the credit of others, as long as conditions established in the contract are met,
and usually have expiration dates. Commitments may expire without being used.
Off-balance-sheet risk to credit loss exists up to the face amount of these
instruments, although material losses are not anticipated. The same credit
policies are used to make such commitments as are used for loans, including
obtaining collateral at exercise of the commitment.

The contractual amount of financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk was
as follows at year-end.

2006 2005
 ---- ----
 Fixed Variable Fixed Variable
 Rate Rate Rate Rate
 ---- ---- ---- ----
 (In thousands)
 
Commitments to make loans 4,378 9,794 11,150 19,769
Unused lines of credit 4,800 130,186 -- 140,956
Letters of credit -- 6,390 -- 5,646

Commitments to make loans are generally made for periods of 30 days or less and
are at market rates. The fixed rate loan commitments have interest rates ranging
from approximately 8.15 to 9.25 and maturities ranging from 1 year to 20
years.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 73

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 17 - FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

Carrying amount and estimated fair values of financial instruments were as
follows at year-end.

2006 2005
 ---- ----
 Carrying Fair Carrying Fair
 Amount Value Amount Value
 ------ ----- ------ -----
 (In thousands)
 
Financial assets
 Cash and due from financial
 financial institutions 20,224 20,224 11,225 11,225
 Interest-bearing deposits in
 other financial institutions 1,210 1,210 1,358 1,358
 Securities available for sale 121,311 121,311 98,835 98,835
 Loans held for sale 908 923 1,694 1,719
 Loans, net 607,932 597,729 512,448 513,248
 Federal Home Loan Bank and
 Federal Reserve stock 7,418 7,418 8,572 8,572
 Accrued interest receivable 3,968 3,968 2,500 2,500

Financial liabilities
 Deposits 549,918 549,405 464,836 463,613
 Advances from Federal Home
 Loan Bank 92,756 94,589 98,000 101,117
 Subordinated debentures 17,000 17,227 7,000 7,000
 Accrued interest payable 2,178 2,178 1,066 1,066
 Interest rate swaps 1,293 1,293 1,881 1,881

The methods and assumptions used to estimate fair value are described as
follows:

The estimated fair value equals the carrying amount for cash and due from banks,
interest-bearing deposits in other financial institutions, Federal Home Loan
Bank stock, accrued interest receivable and payable, demand deposits, short-term
borrowings, subordinated debenture, and variable rate loans or deposits that
reprice frequently and fully. Security and interest rate swap fair values are
based on market prices or dealer quotes, and if no such information is
available, on the rate and term of the instrument and information about the
issuer. For fixed rate loans or deposits and for variable rate loans or deposits
with infrequent repricing or repricing limits, fair value is based on discounted
cash flows using current market rates applied to the estimated life and credit
risk. Fair values for impaired loans are estimated using discounted cash flow
analysis or underlying collateral values. Fair value of loans held for sale is
based on market quotes. Fair value of FHLB advances is based on current rates
for similar financing. The fair value of off-balance-sheet items is based on
current fees or costs that would be charged to enter into or terminate such
arrangements and is not material.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 74

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 18- PARENT COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

Condensed financial information for Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. is as
follows:

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS

December 31
 2006 2005
 ---- ----
 (In thousands)
 
ASSETS
Cash and due from financial institutions 63 139
Investment in subsidiaries 85,493 49,449
Other assets 1,647 700
 ----------- -----------

 Total assets 87,203 50,288
 =========== ===========

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY
Short-term borrowings 3,480 --
Subordinated debentures 17,000 7,000
Accrued expenses and other liabilities 1,182 513
 ----------- -----------
 Total liabilities 21,662 7,513
 Total shareholders' equity 65,541 42,775
 ----------- -----------

 87,203 50,288
 =========== ===========

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME

Years ended December 31
 2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 (In thousands)
 
Income
 Dividends from subsidiaries 950 2,250 2,600
 Management and other fees from subsidiaries -- -- 1,955
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 Total income 950 2,250 4,555

Expense
 Operating expenses 2,057 879 2,724
 ----------- ----------- -----------

Income (loss) before income taxes and equity
 in undistributed net income of subsidiaries (1,107) 1,371 1,831

Income tax benefit 668 281 525
 ----------- ----------- -----------

Income (loss) before equity in undistributed net
 income of subsidiaries (439) 1,652 2,356

Equity in undistributed of
 net income of subsidiaries 4,550 2,097 232
 ----------- ----------- -----------

Net income 4,111 3,749 2,588
 =========== =========== ===========

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 75

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 18 - PARENT COMPANY ONLY CONDENSED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (Continued)

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Years ended December 31
 2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 (In thousands)
 
Cash flows from operating activities
 Net income 4,111 3,749 2,588
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash
 from operating activities
 Equity in undistributed
 net income of subsidiaries (4,550) (2,097) (232)
 Share-based compensation expense 332 129 --
 Net change in other assets
 and liabilities 63 (229) (6,753)
 -------- -------- --------
 Net cash from operating activities (44) 1,552 (4,397)

Cash flows from investing activities
 Net change in interest-bearing deposits in other
 financial institutions -- -- 1
 Acquisition of The Bancshares, Inc. (11,001) -- --
 Purchase of premises and equipment, net -- -- 802
 -------- -------- --------
 Net cash from investing activities (11,001) -- 803

Cash flows from financing activities
 Net change in short-term borrowings 3,480 -- (1,200)
 Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debenture 10,000 -- 7,000
 Exercise of stock options 15 5 407
 Purchase of treasury stock (685) (557) (533)
 Stock dividend declared -- -- (4)

 Tax benefit of stock options exercised 80 -- --
 Cash dividends paid (1,921) (1,518) (1,419)
 -------- -------- --------
 Net cash from financing activities 10,969 (2,070) 4,251
 -------- -------- --------

Net change in cash (76) (518) 657

Cash at beginning of year 139 657 --
 -------- -------- --------

Cash at end of year 63 139 657
 ======== ======== ========

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 76

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 19 - EARNINGS PER SHARE

 The factors used in the earnings per share computation follows.

2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)
 
Basic
 Net income 4,111 3,749 2,588
 =========== =========== ===========

 Average shares:
 Common shares issued 3,436,051 3,001,067 3,001,128
 Less: Unallocated ESOP shares -- -- (2,103)
 Treasury stock (413,004) (381,787) (371,374)
 ----------- ----------- -----------

 Average shares outstanding 3,023,047 2,619,280 2,627,651
 =========== =========== ===========

Net income per common share, basic 1.36 1.43 0.98
 =========== =========== ===========

Diluted
 Net income 4,111 3,749 2,588
 =========== =========== ===========

 Average shares:
 Common shares outstanding for basic 3,023,047 2,619,280 2,627,651
 Add: Dilutive effects of outstanding
 options 32,610 32,884 30,576
 ----------- ----------- -----------
 Average shares and dilutive
 potential common shares 3,055,657 2,652,164 2,658,227
 =========== =========== ===========

Net income per common share, diluted 1.35 1.41 0.97
 =========== =========== ===========

Stock options of 138,000 and 80,200 common shares were excluded from 2006 and
2005 diluted earnings per share because they were anti-dilutive. There were no
anti-dilutive stock options for 2004.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 77

COMMUNITY BANK SHARES OF INDIANA, INC.
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

NOTE 20 - OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

Other comprehensive income (loss) components and related taxes were as follows.

2006 2005 2004
 ---- ---- ----
 (In thousands)
 
Unrealized holding gains (losses) on
 available for sale securities 958 (1,884) (210)
Less reclassification adjustments for gains
 recognized in income -- (23) (138)
 --------- --------- ---------
Net unrealized gain (loss) on securities
 available for sale, net of reclassifications 958 (1,907) (348)

Unrealized holding gain (loss) on interest
 rate swaps (473) (1,039) 185
Amounts reclassified to interest income 1,061 163 (777)
 --------- --------- ---------
Net unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate
 swaps, net of reclassifications 588 (876) (592)

Change in minimum pension liability 125 (34) (54)
 --------- --------- ---------

Other comprehensive income (loss)
 before tax effects and cumulative
 effect of change in accounting principle 1,671 (2,817) (994)
Tax effect (574) 1,003 370
 --------- --------- ---------

 Other comprehensive income (loss) 1,097 (1,814) (624)
 ========= ========= =========

NOTE 21 - QUARTERLY FINANCIAL DATA (UNAUDITED)

Earnings Per Share
 Interest Net Interest Net ------------------
 Income Income Income Basic Diluted
 ------ ------ ------ ----- -------
 (In thousands, except per share amounts)
 
2006
- ----
 First quarter 9,934 4,405 795 0.31 0.30
 Second quarter 10,387 4,405 934 0.36 0.36
 Third quarter 12,873 5,708 1,314 0.38 0.38
 Fourth quarter 12,839 5,520 1,068 0.31 0.31

2005
- ----
 First quarter 7,939 4,269 782 0.30 0.29
 Second quarter 8,527 4,445 924 0.35 0.35
 Third quarter 9,070 4,516 1,201 0.46 0.45
 Fourth quarter 9,522 4,484 842 0.32 0.32

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 78

Part II

Item 9. Changes In And Disagreements With Accountants On Accounting And
Financial Disclosures

There has been no change in the Company's principal independent accountant
during the Company's two most recent fiscal years.

Item 9A. Controls And Procedures

Company management, including the Chief Executive Officer (serving as the
principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (serving as the
principal financial officer), have conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant
to Securities Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-14. Based on that evaluation, the
Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the
disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to
material information required to be included in this report. There has been no
change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the Company's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected or
is reasonable likely to materially affect the Company's internal control over
financial reporting.

Item 9B. Other Information

There was no information to be disclosed by the Company on a Form 8-K during the
fourth quarter of 2006 but not reported.

Part III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers And Corporate Governance

The information regarding Company directors required by this item is
incorporated herein by reference to information under the headings "Corporate
Governance and Board Matters" and "Proposal No. 1 - Election of Directors" in
the 2007 Proxy Statement. Information regarding the members of the Audit
Committee, the Company's code of business conduct and ethics, the identification
of the Audit Committee Financial Expert, stockholder nominations of directors
and compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is also
incorporated by reference to the information under the aforesaid headings, as
well as the headings "Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance,"
in the 2007 Proxy Statement. The information regarding our executive officers
required by this item is incorporated by reference to the information in the
2007 Proxy Statement.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

Information concerning executive compensation is incorporated herein by
reference to the information under the heading "EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION" in the
2007 Proxy Statement.

Item 12. Security Ownership Of Certain Beneficial Owners And Management And
Related Stockholder Matters

Information concerning security ownership of management is incorporated herein
by reference to the information under the heading "STOCK OWNERSHIP BY DIRECTORS
AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS" in the Company's definitive Proxy Statement for the
Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held on May 15, 2007.

Item 13. Certain Relationships And Related Transactions, And Director
Independence

Information concerning relationships and related transactions, and director
independence is incorporated herein by reference to the information under the
headings "COMPENSATION COMMITTEE INTERLOCKS AND INSIDER PARTICIPATION",
"CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND BOARD MATTERS" and "CERATIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
PERSON TRANSACTIONS" in the 2007 Proxy Statement.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees And Services

Information concerning principal accountant fees and services is incorporated
herein by reference to the information under the headings "REPORT OF THE AUDIT
COMMITTEE" and "RATIFICATION OF APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM" in the 2007 Proxy Statement.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 79

Part IV

Item 15. Exhibits And Financial Statement Schedules

(a)(1) Financial Statements

The following financial statements are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Consolidated Balance Sheets
Consolidated Statements of Income
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules

All financial statement schedules have been omitted as the required information
is inapplicable or the required information has been included in the
Consolidated Financial Statements or notes thereto.

(a) (3) Exhibits

The following exhibits are filed herein:

Exhibit
Number Document
- ------ --------

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger between Community Bank Shares of
 Indiana, Inc., The Bancshares, Inc., and CBIN Subsidiary, Inc.
 (11)

3.1 Articles of Incorporation (1)

3.2 Bylaws (1)

4.0 Common Stock Certificate (1)

10.1 Employment Agreement with Dale L. Orem (2)

10.2 Retirement Agreement with Robert E. Yates (2)

10.3 Employment Agreement with James D. Rickard (3)

10.4 Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. 1997 Stock Incentive Plan 
 (4)

10.5 Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 (5)

10.6 Employment Agreement with Patrick J. Daily (6)

10.7 Employment Agreement with Christopher L. Bottorff (6)

10.8 Data Processing Services Agreement with Jack Henry and Associates,
 Inc. (6)

10.9 Electronic Funds Transfer Agreement with Jack Henry and Associates,
 Inc. (6)

10.10 Employment Agreement with Kevin J. Cecil (7)

10.11 Employment Agreement with Paul A. Chrisco (7)

10.12 Consulting Agreement with Dale L. Orem (7)

10.13 Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. and Affiliates Business
 Ethics Policy (7)

10.14 Lease Agreement with Al Josam Dixieland, LLC (7)

10.15 Lease Agreement with JWL Properties, LLC (7)

10.16 Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. 2005 Stock Award Plan (8)

10.17 Amendment to Employment Agreement with James D. Rickard (9)

10.18 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Christopher L. Bottorff (9)

10.19 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Kevin J. Cecil (9)

10.20 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Paul A. Chrisco (9)

10.21 Amendment to Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. Performance
 Units Plan (10)

11.1 Computation of Earnings Per Share

21.0 Subsidiaries of Registrant

23.1 Consent of Crowe Chizek and Company LLC

31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed
as an exhibit to this Report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 80

(1) Incorporated herein by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed
December 9, 1994 (File No. 33-87228).

(2) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 2,
2002.

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
November 14, 2000.

(4) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with the Registration
Statement on Form S-8, filed July 29, 1998, and any amendments thereto,
Registration statement No. 333- 60089.

(5) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with the Registration
Statement on Form S-3, filed November 14, 1997, and any amendments thereto,
Registration Statement No. 333-40211.

(6) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 31,
2003.

(7) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 30,
2004.

(8) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with the Registration
Statement on Form S-8, filed September 13, 2005, and any amendments thereto,
Registration Statement No. 333-128278.

(9) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with Form 8-K, filed
November 6, 2006.

(10) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with Form 8-K, filed
October 23, 2006

(11) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with Form 8-K, filed
February 16, 2006.

(b) Exhibits

See response to Item 15(a)(3).

(c) Financial Statement Schedules

See response to Item 15(a)(2).

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 81

Signatures

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

 COMMUNITY BANK SHARES
 OF INDIANA, INC.

March 29, 2007 By: /s/ James D. Rickard
 ----------------------------
 James D. Rickard
 President and Chief Executive Officer

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange of 1934, this report has
been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated.

/s/ James D. Rickard President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director March 29, 2007
 -------------------- (Principal Executive Officer)
 James D. Rickard

 /s/ Paul A. Chrisco Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer March 29, 2007
 ------------------- (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer)
 Paul A. Chrisco

 /s/ Timothy T. Shea Chairman of the Board of Directors and Director March 29, 2007
 -------------------
 Timothy T. Shea

 /s/ Gary L. Libs Director March 29, 2007
 ----------------
 Gary L. Libs

 /s/ R. Wayne Estopinal Director March 29, 2007
 ----------------------
 R. Wayne Estopinal

 /s/ George M. Ballard Director March 29, 2007
 ---------------------
 George M. Ballard

 /s/ Gordon L. Huncilman Director March 29, 2007
 -----------------------
 Gordon L. Huncilman

 /s/ Kerry M. Stemler Director March 29, 2007
 --------------------
 Kerry M. Stemler

 /s/ Steven R. Stemler Director March 29, 2007
 ---------------------
 Steven R. Stemler

 /s/ Dale L. Orem Director March 29, 2007
 ----------------
 Dale L. Orem

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 82

Exhibit Index

Exhibit
Number Document
- ------ --------

2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger between Community Bank Shares of
 Indiana, Inc., The Bancshares, Inc., and CBIN Subsidiary, Inc.
 (11)

3.1 Articles of Incorporation (1)

3.2 Bylaws (1)

4.0 Common Stock Certificate (1)

10.1 Employment Agreement with Dale L. Orem (2)

10.2 Retirement Agreement with Robert E. Yates (2)

10.3 Employment Agreement with James D. Rickard (3)

10.4 Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. 1997 Stock Incentive Plan 
 (4)

10.5 Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. Dividend Reinvestment Plan 
 (5)

10.6 Employment Agreement with Patrick J. Daily (6)

10.7 Employment Agreement with Christopher L. Bottorff (6)

10.8 Data Processing Services Agreement with Jack Henry and Associates,
 Inc. (6)

10.9 Electronic Funds Transfer Agreement with Jack Henry and Associates,
 Inc. (6)

10.10 Employment Agreement with Kevin J. Cecil (7)

10.11 Employment Agreement with Paul A. Chrisco (7)

10.12 Consulting Agreement with Dale L. Orem (7)

10.13 Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. and Affiliates Business
 Ethics Policy (7)

10.14 Lease Agreement with Al Josam Dixieland, LLC (7)

10.15 Lease Agreement with JWL Properties, LLC (7)

10.16 Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. 2005 Stock Award Plan (8)

10.17 Amendment to Employment Agreement with James D. Rickard (9)

10.18 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Christopher L. Bottorff (9)

10.19 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Kevin J. Cecil (9)

10.20 Amendment to Employment Agreement with Paul A. Chrisco (9)

10.21 Amendment to Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc. Performance
 Units Plan (10)

11.1 Computation of Earnings Per Share

21.0 Subsidiaries of Registrant

23.1 Consent of Crowe Chizek and Company LLC

31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement required to be filed
as an exhibit to this Report pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

(1) Incorporated herein by reference to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed
December 9, 1994 (File No. 33-87228).

(2) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed April 2,
2002.

(3) Incorporated by reference to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed
November 14, 2000.

(4) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with the Registration
Statement on Form S-8, filed July 29, 1998, and any amendments thereto,
Registration statement No. 333- 60089.

(5) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with the Registration
Statement on Form S-3, filed November 14, 1997, and any amendments thereto,
Registration Statement No. 333-40211.

(6) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 31,
2003.

(7) Incorporated by reference to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed March 30,
2004.

(8) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with the Registration
Statement on Form S-8, filed September 13, 2005, and any amendments thereto,
Registration Statement No. 333-128278.

(9) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with Form 8-K, filed
November 6, 2006.

(10) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with Form 8-K, filed
October 23, 2006

(11) Incorporated by reference from the exhibits filed with Form 8-K, filed
February 16, 2006.

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 83

<EX-11.1>
 2
 d71407_ex11-1.txt
 COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER SHARE

Exhibit 11.1 - Computation of Earnings Per Share

See note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

</EX-11.1>

<EX-21>
 3
 d71407_ex21.txt
 SUBSIDIARIES OF REGISTRANT

Exhibit 21 - Subsidiaries of Registrant

 State of Incorporation
Name of Subsidiary or Organization
- ------------------ ---------------

Your Community Bank Indiana
 CBSI Holdings, Inc. Nevada
 CBSI Investments, Inc. Nevada
 CBSI Investment Portfolio Management, LLC Nevada
 CBSI Development Fund, Inc. Indiana
 First Community Service Corporation Indiana
 Nelson Service Corporation Kentucky

The Scott County State Bank Indiana

</EX-21>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 d71407_ex23-1.txt
 CONSENT OF CROWE CHIZEK AND COMPANY LLC

Exhibit 23.1

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Form S-3D Registration
Statement No. 333-40211, Form S-8 Registration Statements No. 333-60089 and
333-109018 of Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc., of our report dated March
27, 2007, on the consolidated financial statements of Community Bank Shares of
Indiana, Inc. which report is included in Form 10-K for Community Bank Shares of
Indiana, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2006.

/s/ Crowe Chizek and Company LLC

Louisville, Kentucky
March 29, 2007

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 d71407_ex31-1.txt
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Exhibit 31.1

 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 302 OF
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

CERTIFICATION

I, James D. Rickard, certify that:

1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Community Bank Shares of
Indiana, Inc.;

2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
of and for the periods presented in this report;

4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; and

b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and

c) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fourth
fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

5) The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our
most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.

Date: March 29, 2007

/s/ James D. Rickard
- --------------------
James D. Rickard
President and Chief Executive Officer

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 d71407_ex31-2.txt
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Exhibit 31.2

 CERTIFICATIONS PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 302 OF
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

CERTIFICATION

I, Paul A. Chrisco, certify that:

1) I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Community Bank Shares of
Indiana, Inc.;

2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not
misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as
of and for the periods presented in this report;

4) The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have:

a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure
controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that
material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated
subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; and

b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and
procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered
by this report based on such evaluation; and

c) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fourth
fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting.

5) The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on
our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors
(or persons performing the equivalent functions):

a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process,
summarize and report financial information; and

b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over
financial reporting.

Date: March 29, 2007

/s/ Paul A. Chrisco
- -------------------
Paul A. Chrisco
Senior Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 d71407_ex32-1.txt
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

Exhibit 32.1

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the accompanying Form 10-K of Community Bank Shares of
Indiana, Inc. (the "Company") for the year ended December 31, 2006, I, James D.
Rickard, Chief Executive Officer of Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc.,
hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge:

(1) Such Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and

(2) The information contained in such Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2006 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operation of the Company.

By: /s/ James D. Rickard
 --------------------------------
 James D. Rickard
 President and
 Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 29, 2007

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

This certification shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
ss.18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 d71407_ex32-2.txt
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

Exhibit 32.2

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the accompanying Form 10-K of Community Bank Shares of
Indiana, Inc. (the "Company") for the year ended December 31, 2006, I, Paul A
Chrisco, Chief Financial Officer of Community Bank Shares of Indiana, Inc.,
hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge:

(1) Such Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 fully complies with the
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
and

(2) The information contained in such Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2006 fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and
results of operation of the Company.

By: /s/ Paul A. Chrisco
 ----------------------------------
 Paul A. Chrisco
 Senior Vice President,
 Chief Financial Officer

Date: March 29, 2007

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been
provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the
Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request.

This certification shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of
ss.18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

</EX-32.2>

