<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20080317_10-K_edgar_data_913497_0001084067-08-000044.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>390894</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>278031</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1593</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>5</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001084067-08-000044.hdr.sgml : 20080317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20080317161833
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001084067-08-000044
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20040331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20080317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20080317

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV L P SERIES 2
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000913497
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATORS OF APARTMENT BUILDINGS [6513]
		IRS NUMBER:				330596399
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-28370
		FILM NUMBER:		08693175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17782 SKY PARK CIRCLE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614-6404
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7146625565

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		17782 SKY PARK CIRCLE
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92614-6404

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 IOHd9JfIvykgapp5N+AoN4+Fit1SvQk5+tJBJ79RJ6STtk2H+AF1hnItCLaQ/N2n
 IRPvhfEDykP7rdsfLAPaMg==

 0001084067-08-000044.txt : 20080317

10-K
 1
 nt4210k.txt
 NAT 4-2 MARCH 31, 2004 10-K

UNITED STATES

 FORM 10-K

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

(Mark One)

|X| ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934

 For the fiscal year ended March, 31, 2004
 For the fiscal year ended March, 31, 2005
 For the fiscal year ended March, 31, 2006
 For the fiscal year ended March, 31, 2007

 OR

|_| TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
 EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

 For the transition period from __________ to __________

 Commission file number: 0-28370

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (EXACT NAME OF REGISTRANT AS SPECIFIED IN ITS CHARTER)

 California 33-0596399
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization) Identification No.)

17782 Sky Park Circle, 92614-6404
 Irvine, CA (zip code)
 (Address of principal executive offices)

 (714) 662-5565
 (Telephone Number)

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

 NONE

 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(g) of the Act:

 UNITS OF LIMITED PARTNERSHIP INTEREST
 (Title of Class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as
defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act
Yes_____ No___X__

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports
pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
Yes_____ No___X__

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during
the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes No X__

Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405
of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the
best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements
incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this
Form 10-K. |X|

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller
reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):

Large accelerated filer___ Accelerated filer___

Non-accelerated filer___X__ Smaller reporting company___

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
Yes____ No__X__

State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held
by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of
the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal
quarter.

 INAPPLICABLE

 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

List hereunder the following documents if incorporated by reference and the Part
of the Form 10-K (e.g., Part I, Part II, etc.) into which the document is
incorporated: (1) Any annual report to security holders; (2) Any proxy or
information statement; and (3) Any prospectus filed pursuant to Rule 424(b) or
(c) under the Securities Act of 1933. The listed documents should be clearly
described for identification purposes (e.g., annual report to security holders
for fiscal year ended December 24, 1980).

 NONE

2

PART I.

ITEM 1. BUSINESS

ORGANIZATION

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund IV, L.P., Series 2 (the "Partnership") is a
California limited partnership formed under the laws of the State of California
on September 27, 1993 The Partnership was formed to acquire limited partnership
interests in other limited partnerships ("Local Limited Partnerships") which
owns multi-family housing complexes ("Housing Complexes") that are eligible for
Federal low income housing tax credits ("Low Income Housing Tax Credits"). The
local general partners (the "Local General Partners") of each Local Limited
Partnership retain responsibility for maintaining, operating and managing the
Housing Complex. Each Local Limited Partnership is governed by its agreement of
limited partnership or limited liability company operating agreement (the "Local
Limited Partnership Agreement").

The general partner of the Partnership is WNC Tax Credit Partners IV, L.P. (the
"General Partner"). The general partner of the General Partner is WNC &
Associates, Inc. ("Associates"). The chairman and president of Associates own
substantially all of the outstanding stock of Associates. The business of the
Partnership is conducted primarily through the General Partner, as the
Partnership has no employees of its own.

Pursuant to a registration statement filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on October 20, 1993, in July 1994 the Partnership commenced a public
offering of 20,000 units of Limited Partnership interest ("Partnership Units")
at 1,000 per Partnership Unit. The offering of Partnership Units concluded in
July 1995 at which time 15,600 Partnership Units representing subscriptions, net
of discounts for volume purchases of more than 100 units, in the amount of
 15,241,000 had been accepted. The General Partner has a 1 interest in
operating profits and losses, taxable income and losses, cash available for
distribution from the Partnership and tax credits. The investors (the "Limited
Partners") will be allocated the remaining 99 of these items in proportion to
their respective investments.

Sempra Energy Financial, a California corporation, which is not an affiliate of
the Partnership or General partner, has purchased 4,000 Partnership Units, which
represents 25.6 of the Partnership Units outstanding for the partnership.
Sempra Energy Financial invested 3,641,000. A discount of 359,000 was allowed
due to a volume discount. On July 1, 2006 Sempra Energy Financial transferred
their 4,000 Partnership Units to Sempra Section 42, LLC. See Item 12(b) in this
10-K.

The Partnership shall continue in full force and effect until December 31, 2050
unless terminated prior to that date pursuant to the Partnership Agreement (as
defined below) or law.

DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

The Partnership's principal business objective is to provide its Limited
Partners with Low Income Housing Tax Credits. The Partnership's principal
business therefore consists of investing as a limited partner or non-managing
member in Local Limited Partnerships each of which will own and operate a
Housing Complex which will qualify for the Low Income Housing Tax Credits. In
general, under Section 42 of the Internal Revenue Code, an owner of low income
housing can receive the Low Income Housing Tax Credits to be used to reduce
Federal taxes otherwise due in each year of a ten-year credit period. Each
Housing Complex is subject to a 15 year compliance period (the "Compliance
Period"), and under state law may have to be maintained as low income housing
for 30 or more years.

In general, in order to avoid recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits, the
Partnership does not expect that it will dispose of its interests in Local
Limited Partnerships ("Local Limited Partnership Interests") or approve the sale
by any Local Limited Partnership of its Housing Complex prior to the end of the
applicable Compliance Period. Because of (i) the nature of the Housing
Complexes, (ii) the difficulty of predicting the resale market for low income
housing and (iii) the ability of government lenders to disapprove of transfer,
it is not possible at this time to predict whether the liquidation of the
Partnership's assets and the disposition of the proceeds, if any, in accordance

3

with the Partnership's Agreement of Limited Partnership, dated May 4, 1993 as
amended on May 15, 1994 ("Partnership Agreement"), will be accomplished promptly
at the end of the Compliance Period. If a Local Limited Partnership is unable to
sell its Housing Complex, it is anticipated that the Local General Partner will
either continue to operate such Housing Complex or take such other actions as
the Local General Partner believes to be in the best interest of the Local
Limited Partnership. Notwithstanding the preceding, circumstances beyond the
control of the General Partner or the Local General Partners may occur during
the Compliance Period, which would require the Partnership to approve the
disposition of a Housing Complex prior to the end thereof, possibly resulting in
recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits.

The Partnership invested in twenty-two Local Limited Partnerships, none of which
had been sold or otherwise disposed through March 31, 2006. As of March 31, 2007
one Local Limited Partnership had been disposed. Each of these Local Limited
Partnerships owns a single Housing Complex that was eligible for the Low Income
Housing Tax Credits. Certain Local Limited Partnerships may also benefit from
additional government programs promoting low- or moderate-income housing.

EXIT STRATEGY

The Compliance Period for a Housing Complex is generally 15 years following
construction or rehabilitation completion. Associates was one of the first in
the industry to offer syndicated investments in Low Income Housing Tax Credits.
The initial programs are completing their Compliance Periods.

With that in mind, the General Partner is continuing its review of the Housing
Complexes, with special emphasis on the more mature Housing Complexes such as
any that have satisfied the IRS compliance requirements. The review considers
many factors, including extended use requirements (such as those due to mortgage
restrictions or state compliance agreements), the condition of the Housing
Complexes, and the tax consequences to the Limited Partners from the sale of the
Housing Complexes.

Upon identifying those Housing Complexes with the highest potential for a
successful sale, refinancing or syndication, the Partnership expects to proceed
with efforts to liquidate them. The objective is to maximize the Limited
Partners' return wherever possible and, ultimately, to wind down the
Partnership. Local Limited Partnership Interests may be disposed of any time by
the General Partner in its discretion. While liquidation of the Housing
Complexes continues to be evaluated, the dissolution of the Partnership was not
imminent as of March 31, 2007. As of March 31, 2007 none of the Housing
Complexes had completed the 15 year compliance period.

During the year ended March, 31, 2007 the partnership sold the Housing Complex
of one Local Limited Partnership, EW, a Wisconsin Limited Partnership ("EW") and
the Local Limited Partnership was subsequently dissolved. EW had not completed
its 15-year compliance period. The Partnership did not purchase a recapture bond
since the cost of the bond was equal to the amount of credits at risk for
recapture. The Partnership retained a cash balance to cover any recapture. The
Housing Complex was sold for the same amount as the outstanding mortgage owing.
The net investment balance in this Local Limited Partnership was zero, since
there was no distribution of cash there was no gain or loss for the Partnership.
The disposition was due to this Local Limited Partnership experiencing
operational and cash flow issues. As of March 31, 2007 the Partnership had
advanced approximately 57,500 to this Local Limited Partnership which was not
recovered and the advances were reserved.

Subsequent to year ended March 31, 2007 one additional Housing Complex had been
selected for disposition (Crossing II Limited Dividend Housing Association LP
("Crossings II")). This Local Limited Partnership started to experience
operational issues during the year ended March 31, 2005 and continues to have
operation issues. The low occupancy was the primary reason for the properties
cash flow issues. The Partnership received all of the Low Income Housing Tax
Credits from Crossings II. The final credits were taken in 2007. The Local
Limited Partnership's General Partner is looking to purchase the Partnership's
limited partnership interest in Crossings II. The General Partner is going to
post the surety bond to protect the Partnership from recapture. The anticipated
closing date of this transaction is April of 2008.

4

The proceeds from the disposition of any of the Housing Complexes will be used
first to pay debts and other obligations per the respective Local Limited
Partnership Agreement. Any remaining proceeds will then be paid to the partners
of the Local Limited Partnership, including the Partnership, in accordance with
the terms of the particular Local Limited Partnership Agreement, the sale of a
Housing Complex may be subject to other restrictions and obligations.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a Local Limited Partnership will be
able to sell its Housing Complex. Even if it does so, there can be no assurance
that any significant amounts of cash will be distributed to the Partnership.
Should such distributions occur, the Limited Partners will be entitled to
receive distributions from the proceeds remaining after payment of Partnership
obligations and funding of reserves, equal to their capital contributions and
their return on investment (as defined in the Partnership Agreement). The
General Partners would then be entitled to receive proceeds equal to their
capital contributions from the remainder. Any additional sale or refinancing
proceeds will be distributed 90 to the Limited Partners (in proportion to their
respective investments) and 10 to the General Partner.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

Set forth below are the principal risks the Partnership believes are material to
the Limited Partners. The Partnership and the Local Limited Partnerships operate
in a continually changing business environment and, therefore, new risks emerge
from time to time. This section contains some forward-looking statements. For an
explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements,
see Item 7.

(A) RISKS ARISING FROM THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE RULES GOVERNING LOW INCOME
 HOUSING TAX CREDITS

 LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDITS MIGHT NOT BE AVAILABLE. If a Housing
Complex does not satisfy the requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 42,
then the Housing Complex will not be eligible for Low Income Housing Tax
Credits.

 LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDITS MIGHT BE LESS THAN ANTICIPATED. The Local
General Partners will calculate the amount of the Low Income Housing Tax
Credits. No opinion of counsel will cover the calculation of the amount of Low
Income Housing Tax Credits. The IRS could challenge the amount of the Low Income
Housing Tax Credits claimed for any Housing Complex under any of a number of
provisions set forth in Internal Revenue Code Section 42. A successful challenge
by the IRS would decrease the amount of the Low Income Housing Tax Credits from
the amount paid for by the Partnership.

 UNLESS A BOND IS POSTED OR A TREASURY DIRECT ACCOUNT IS ESTABLISHED, LOW
INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDITS MAY BE RECAPTURED IF HOUSING COMPLEXES ARE NOT OWNED
AND OPERATED FOR 15 YEARS. Housing Complexes must comply with Internal Revenue
Code Section 42 for the 15-year Compliance Period. Low Income Housing Tax
Credits will be recaptured with interest to the extent that a Housing Complex is
not rented as low income housing or in some other way does not satisfy the
requirements of Internal Revenue Code Section 42 during the Compliance Period.
For example, unless a bond is posted or a Treasury Direct Account is
established, recapture with interest would occur if:

 o a Local Limited Partnership disposed of its interest in a Housing Complex
 during the Compliance Period, or
 o the Partnership disposed of its interest in a Local Limited Partnership
 during the Compliance Period.

For these purposes, disposition includes transfer by way of foreclosure.

It will be up to the Partnership to determine whether to post a bond. There is
no obligation under the agreements with the Local Limited Partnerships that the
Local Limited Partnerships must do so.

There can be no assurance that recapture will not occur. If it does, recapture
will be of a portion of all Low Income Housing Tax Credits taken in prior years
for that Housing Complex, plus interest. During the first 11 years of the
Compliance Period, non-compliance results in one-third of the credits up to that
point for the particular Housing Complex being recaptured, plus interest.
Between years 12 and 15, the recapture is phased out ratably.

 SALES OF HOUSING COMPLEXES AFTER 15 YEARS ARE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS WHICH
MAY IMPACT A LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP'S ABILITY TO SELL ITS HOUSING COMPLEX.
Each Local Limited Partnership executes an extended low income housing
commitment with the state in which the Housing Complex is located. The extended
low income housing commitment states the number of years that the Local Limited
Partnership and any subsequent owners must rent the Housing Complex as low
income housing. Under Federal law, the commitment must be for at least 30 years.

5

The commitment actually agreed to may be significantly longer than 30 years. In
prioritizing applicants for Low Income Housing Tax Credits, most states give
additional points for commitment periods in excess of 30 years. On any sale of
the Housing Complex during the commitment period, the purchaser would have to
agree to continue to rent the Housing Complex as low income housing for the
duration of the commitment period. This requirement reduces the potential
market, and possibly the sales price, for the Housing Complexes. The sale of a
Housing Complex may be subject to other restrictions. For example, Federal
lenders or subsidizers may have the right to approve or disapprove a purchase of
a Housing Complex. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a Local Limited
Partnership will be able to sell its Housing Complex. Even if it does so, there
can be no assurance that any significant amount of cash will be distributed to
the Limited Partners. As a result, a material portion of the Low Income Housing
Tax Credits may represent a return of the money originally invested in the
Partnership.

 LIMITED PARTNERS CAN ONLY USE LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX CREDITS IN LIMITED
AMOUNTS. The ability of an individual or other non-corporate Limited Partner to
claim Low Income Housing Tax Credits on his individual tax return is limited.
For example, an individual Limited Partner can use Low Income Housing Tax
Credits to reduce his tax liability on:

 o an unlimited amount of passive income, which is income from entities such
 as the Partnership, and
 o 25,000 in income from other sources.

However, the use of Low Income Housing Tax Credits by an individual against
these types of income is subject to ordering rules, which may further limit the
use of Low Income Housing Tax Credits. Some corporate Limited Partners are
subject to similar and other limitations. They include corporations which
provide personal services, and corporations which are owned by five or fewer
shareholders.

Any portion of a Low Income Housing Tax Credit which is allowed to a Limited
Partner under such rules is then aggregated with all of the Limited Partner's
other business credits. The aggregate is then subject to the general limitation
on all business credits. That limitation provides that a Limited Partner can use
business credits to offset the Limited Partner's annual tax liability equal to
 25,000 plus 75 of the Limited Partner's tax liability in excess of 25,000.
However, business credits may not be used to offset any alternative minimum tax.
All of these concepts are extremely complicated.

(B) RISKS RELATED TO INVESTMENT IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS AND HOUSING
 COMPLEXES

 BECAUSE THE PARTNERSHIP HAS FEW INVESTMENTS, EACH INVESTMENT WILL HAVE A
GREAT IMPACT ON THE PARTNERSHIP'S RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. Any single Housing
Complex experiencing poor operating performance, impairment of value or
recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits will have a significant impact upon
the Partnership as a whole.

 THE FAILURE TO PAY MORTGAGE DEBT COULD RESULT IN A FORCED SALE OF A
HOUSING COMPLEX. Each Local Limited Partnership leverages the Partnership's
investment therein by incurring mortgage debt. A Local Limited Partnership's
revenues could be less than its debt payments and taxes and other operating
costs. If so, the Local Limited Partnership would have to use working capital
reserves, seek additional funds, or suffer a forced sale of its Housing Complex,
which could include a foreclosure. The same results could occur if government
subsidies ceased. Foreclosure would result in a loss of the Partnership's
capital invested in the Housing Complex. Foreclosure could also result in a
recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits, and a loss of Low Income Housing
Tax Credits for the year in which the foreclosure occurs. If the Housing Complex
is highly-leveraged, a relatively slight decrease in the rental revenues could
adversely affect the Local Limited Partnership's ability to pay its debt service
requirements. Mortgage debt may be repayable in a self-amortizing series of
equal installments or with a large balloon final payment. Balloon payments
maturing prior to the end of the anticipated holding period for the Housing
Complex create the risk of a forced sale if the debt cannot be refinanced. There
can be no assurance that additional funds will be available to any Local Limited
Partnership if needed on acceptable terms or at all.

 THE PARTNERSHIP DOES NOT CONTROL THE LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS AND MUST
RELY ON THE LOCAL GENERAL PARTNERS. The Local General Partners will make all
management decisions for the Local Limited Partnerships and the Housing
Complexes. The Partnership has very limited rights with respect to management of
the Local Limited Partnerships. The Partnership will not be able to exercise any
control with respect to Local Limited Partnership business decisions and
operations. Consequently, the success of the Partnership will depend on the
abilities of the Local General Partners.

6

HOUSING COMPLEXES SUBSIDIZED BY OTHER GOVERNMENT PROGRAMS ARE SUBJECT TO
ADDITIONAL RULES WHICH MAY MAKE IT DIFFICULT TO OPERATE AND SELL HOUSING
COMPLEXES. Some or all of the Housing Complexes receive or may receive
government financing or operating subsidies in addition to Low Income Housing
Tax Credits. The following are risks associated with some such subsidy programs:

 o Obtaining tenants for the Housing Complexes. Government regulations limit
 the types of people who can rent subsidized housing. These regulations may
 make it more difficult to rent the residential units in the Housing
 Complexes.
 o Obtaining rent increases. In many cases rents can only be increased with
 the prior approval of the subsidizing agency.
 o Limitations on cash distributions. The amount of cash that may be
 distributed to owners of subsidized Housing Complexes is less than the
 amount that could be earned by the owners of non-subsidized Housing
 Complexes.
 o Limitations on sale or refinancing of the Housing Complexes. A Local
 Limited Partnership may be unable to sell its Housing Complex or to
 refinance its mortgage loan without the prior approval of the subsidizer.
 The subsidizer may withhold such approval in the discretion of the
 subsidizer. Approval may be subject to conditions, including the condition
 that the purchaser continues to operate the property as affordable housing
 for terms which could be as long as 30 years or more. In addition, any
 prepayment of a mortgage may result in the assessment of a prepayment
 penalty.
 o Limitations on transfers of interests in Local Limited Partnerships. The
 Partnership may be unable to sell its interest in a Local Limited
 Partnership without the prior approval of the subsidizer. The subsidizer
 may withhold such approval in the discretion of the subsidizer. Approval
 may be subject to conditions.
 o Limitations on removal and admission of Local General Partners. The
 Partnership may be unable to remove a Local General Partner from a Local
 Limited Partnership except for cause, such as the violation of the rules
 of the subsidizer. Regulations may prohibit the removal of a Local General
 Partner or permit removal only with the prior approval of the subsidizer.
 Regulations may also require approval of the admission of a successor
 Local General Partner even upon the death or other disability of a Local
 General Partner.
 o Limitations on subsidy payments. Subsidy payments may be fixed in amount
 and subject to annual legislative appropriations. The rental revenues of a
 Housing Complex, when combined with the maximum committed subsidy, may be
 insufficient to meet obligations. Congress or the state legislature, as
 the case may be, may fail to appropriate or increase the necessary
 subsidy. In those events, the mortgage lender could foreclose on the
 Housing Complex unless a workout arrangement could be negotiated.
 o Possible changes in applicable regulations. Legislation may be enacted
 which adversely revises provisions of outstanding mortgage loans. Such
 legislation has been enacted in the past.
 o Limited Partners may not receive distributions if Housing Complexes are
 sold. There is no assurance that Limited Partners will receive any cash
 distributions from the sale or refinancing of a Housing Complex. The price
 at which a Housing Complex is sold may not be high enough to pay the
 mortgage and other expenses which must be paid at such time. If that
 happens, a Limited Partner's return may be derived only from the Low
 Income Housing Tax Credits and tax losses.

 UNINSURED CASUALTIES COULD RESULT IN LOSSES AND RECAPTURE. There are
casualties which are either uninsurable or not economically insurable. These
include earthquakes, floods, wars and losses relating to hazardous materials or
environmental matters. If a Housing Complex experienced an uninsured casualty,
the Partnership could lose both its invested capital and anticipated profits in
such property. Even if the casualty were an insured loss, the Local Limited
Partnership might be unable to rebuild the destroyed property. A portion of
prior tax credits could be recaptured and future tax credits could be lost if
the Housing Complex were not restored within a reasonable period of time. And
liability judgments against the Local Limited Partnership could exceed available
insurance proceeds or otherwise materially and adversely affect the Local
Limited Partnership. The cost of liability and casualty insurance has increased
in recent years. Casualty insurance has become more difficult to obtain and may
require large deductible amounts.

7

HOUSING COMPLEXES WITHOUT FINANCING OR OPERATING SUBSIDIES MAY BE UNABLE
TO PAY OPERATING EXPENSES. If a Local Limited Partnership were unable to pay
operating expenses, one result could be a forced sale of its Housing Complex. If
a forced sale occurs during the first 15 years of a Housing Complex, a partial
recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits could occur. In this regard, some of
the Local Limited Partnerships may own Housing Complexes which have no subsidies
other than Low Income Housing Tax Credits. Those Housing Complexes do not have
the benefit of below-market-interest-rate financing or operating subsidies which
often are important to the feasibility of low income housing. Those Housing
Complexes rely solely on rents to pay expenses. However, in order for any
Housing Complex to be eligible for Low Income Housing Tax Credits, it must
restrict the rent which may be charged to tenants. Over time, the expenses of a
Housing Complex will increase. If a Local Limited Partnership cannot increase
its rents, it may be unable to pay increased operating expenses.

 THE PARTNERSHIP'S INVESTMENT PROTECTION POLICIES WILL BE WORTHLESS IF THE
NET WORTH OF THE LOCAL GENERAL PARTNERS IS NOT SUFFICIENT TO SATISFY THEIR
OBLIGATIONS. There is a risk that the Local General Partners will be unable to
perform their financial obligations to the Partnership. The General Partner has
not established a minimum net worth requirement for the Local General Partners.
Rather, each Local General Partner demonstrates a net worth which the General
Partner believes is appropriate under the circumstances. The assets of the Local
General Partners are likely to consist primarily of real estate holdings and
similar assets. The fair market value of these types of assets is difficult to
estimate. These types of assets cannot be readily liquidated to satisfy the
financial guarantees and commitments which the Local General Partners make to
the Partnership. Moreover, other creditors may have claims on these assets. No
escrow accounts or other security arrangements will be established to ensure
performance of a Local General Partner's obligations. The cost to enforce a
Local General Partner's obligations may be high. If a Local General Partner does
not satisfy its obligations the Partnership may have no remedy, or the remedy
may be limited to removing the Local General Partner as general partner of the
Local Limited Partnership.

 FLUCTUATING ECONOMIC CONDITIONS CAN REDUCE THE VALUE OF REAL ESTATE. Any
investment in real estate is subject to risks from fluctuating economic
conditions. These conditions can adversely affect the ability to realize a
profit or even to recover invested capital. Among these conditions are:

 o the general and local job market,
 o the availability and cost of mortgage financing,
 o monetary inflation,
 o tax, environmental, land use and zoning policies,
 o the supply of and demand for similar properties,
 o neighborhood conditions,
 o the availability and cost of utilities and water.

(C) TAX RISKS OTHER THAN THOSE RELATING TO TAX CREDITS

In addition to the risks pertaining specifically to Low Income Housing Tax
Credits, there are other Federal income tax risks. Additional Federal income tax
risks associated with the ownership of Partnership Units and the operations of
the Partnership and the Local Limited Partnerships include, but are not limited
to, the following:

 NO OPINION OF COUNSEL AS TO CERTAIN MATTERS. No legal opinion is obtained
regarding matters:

 o the determination of which depends on future factual circumstances,
 o which are peculiar to individual Limited Partners, or
 o which are not customarily the subject of an opinion.

The more significant of these matters include:

 o allocating purchase price among components of a property, particularly as
 between buildings and fixtures, the cost of which is depreciable, and the
 underlying land, the cost of which is not depreciable,
 o characterizing expenses and payments made to or by the Partnership or a
 Local Limited Partnership,

8

o identifying the portion of the costs of any Housing Complex which qualify
 for historic and other tax credits,
 o applying to any specific Limited Partner the limitation on the use of tax
 credits and tax losses. Limited Partners must determine for themselves the
 extent to which they can use tax credits and tax losses, and
 o the application of the alternative minimum tax to any specific Limited
 Partner, or the calculation of the alternative minimum tax by any Limited
 Partner. The alternative minimum tax could reduce the tax benefits from an
 investment in the Partnership.

There can be no assurance, therefore, that the IRS will not challenge some of
the tax positions adopted by the Partnership. The courts could sustain an IRS
challenge. An IRS challenge, if successful, could have a detrimental effect on
the Partnership's ability to realize its investment objectives.

 PASSIVE ACTIVITY RULES WILL LIMIT DEDUCTION OF THE PARTNERSHIP'S LOSSES
AND IMPOSE TAX ON INTEREST INCOME. The Internal Revenue Code imposes limits on
the ability of most investors to claim losses from investments in real estate.
An individual may claim these so-called passive losses only as an offset to
income from investments in real estate or rental activities. An individual may
not claim passive losses as an offset against other types of income, such as
salaries, wages, dividends and interest. These passive activity rules will
restrict the ability of most Limited Partners to use losses from the Partnership
as an offset of non-passive income.

 THE PARTNERSHIP MAY EARN INTEREST INCOME ON ITS RESERVES AND LOANS. The
passive activity rules generally will categorize interest as portfolio income,
and not passive income. Passive losses cannot be used as an offset to portfolio
income. Consequently, a Limited Partner could pay tax liability on portfolio
income from the Partnership.

 AT RISK RULES MIGHT LIMIT DEDUCTION OF THE PARTNERSHIP'S LOSSES. If a
significant portion of the financing used to purchase Housing Complexes does not
consist of qualified nonrecourse financing, the "at risk" rules will limit a
Limited Partner's ability to claim Partnership losses to the amount the Limited
Partner invests in the Partnership. The "at risk" rules of the Internal Revenue
Code generally limit a Limited Partner's ability to deduct Partnership losses to
the sum of:

 o the amount of cash the Limited Partner invests in the Partnership, and
 o the Limited Partner's share of Partnership qualified nonrecourse
 financing.

Qualified nonrecourse financing is non-convertible, nonrecourse debt which is
borrowed from a government, or with exceptions, any person actively and
regularly engaged in the business of lending money.

 TAX LIABILITY ON SALE OF A HOUSING COMPLEX OR LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
INTEREST MAY EXCEED THE CASH AVAILABLE FROM THE SALE. When a Local Limited
Partnership sells a Housing Complex it will recognize gain. Such gain is equal
to the difference between:

 o the sales proceeds plus the amount of indebtedness secured by the Housing
 Complex, and
 o the adjusted basis for the Housing Complex. The adjusted basis for a
 Housing Complex is its original cost, plus capital expenditures, minus
 depreciation.

Similarly, when the Partnership sells an interest in a Local Limited Partnership
the Partnership will recognize gain. Such gain is equal to the difference
between:

 o the sales proceeds plus the Partnership's share of the amount of
 indebtedness secured by the Housing Complex, and
 o the adjusted basis for the interest. The adjusted basis for an interest in
 a Local Limited Partnership is the amount paid for the interest, plus
 income allocations and cash distributions, less loss allocations.

Accordingly, gain will be increased by the depreciation deductions taken during
the holding period for the Housing Complex. In some cases, a Limited Partner
could have a tax liability from a sale greater than the cash distributed to the
Limited Partner from the sale.

9

ALTERNATIVE MINIMUM TAX LIABILITY COULD REDUCE A LIMITED PARTNER'S TAX
BENEFITS. If a Limited Partner pays alternative minimum tax, the Limited Partner
could suffer a reduction in benefits from an investment in the Partnership. The
application of the alternative minimum tax is personal to each Limited Partner.
Tax credits may not be utilized to reduce alternative minimum tax liability.

 IRS COULD AUDIT THE RETURNS OF THE PARTNERSHIP, THE LOCAL LIMITED
PARTNERSHIPS OR THE LIMITED PARTNERS. The IRS can audit the Partnership or a
Local Limited Partnership at the entity level with regard to issues affecting
the entity. The IRS does not have to audit each Limited Partner in order to
challenge a position taken by the Partnership or a Local Limited Partnership.
Similarly, only one judicial proceeding can be filed to contest an IRS
determination. A contest by the Partnership of any IRS determination might
result in high legal fees.

 AN AUDIT OF THE PARTNERSHIP OR A LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP ALSO COULD
RESULT IN AN AUDIT OF A LIMITED PARTNER. An audit of a Limited Partner's tax
returns could result in adjustments both to items that are related to the
Partnership and to unrelated items. The Limited Partner could then be required
to file amended tax returns and pay additional tax plus interest and penalties.

 A SUCCESSFUL IRS CHALLENGE TO TAX ALLOCATIONS OF THE PARTNERSHIP OR A
LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP WOULD REDUCE THE TAX BENEFITS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE
PARTNERSHIP. Under the Internal Revenue Code, a partnership's allocation of
income, gains, deductions, losses and tax credits must have substantial economic
effect. Substantial economic effect is a highly-technical concept. The
fundamental principle is two-fold. If a partner will benefit economically from
an item of partnership income or gain, that item must be allocated to him so
that he bears the correlative tax burden. Conversely, if a partner will suffer
economically from an item of partnership deduction or loss, that item must be
allocated to him so that he bears the correlative tax benefit. If a
partnership's allocations do not have substantial economic effect, then the
partnership's tax items are allocated in accordance with each partner's interest
in the partnership. The IRS might challenge the allocations made by the
Partnership:

 o between the Limited Partners and the General Partner,
 o among the Limited Partners, or
 o between the Partnership and a Local General Partner.

If any allocations were successfully challenged, a greater share of the income
or gain or a lesser share of the losses or tax credits might be allocated to the
Limited Partners. This would increase the tax liability or reduce the tax
benefits to the Limited Partners.

 TAX LIABILITIES COULD ARISE IN LATER YEARS OF THE PARTNERSHIP. After a
period of years following commencement of operations by a Local Limited
Partnership, the Local Limited Partnership may generate profits rather than
losses. A Limited Partner would have tax liability on his share of such profits
unless he could offset the income with:

 o unused passive losses from the Partnership or other investments, or
 o current passive losses from other investments.

In such circumstances, the Limited Partner would not receive a cash distribution
from the Partnership with which to pay any tax liability.

 IRS CHALLENGE TO TAX TREATMENT OF EXPENDITURES COULD REDUCE LOSSES. The
IRS may contend that fees and payments of the Partnership or a Local Limited
Partnership:

 o should be deductible over a longer period of time or in a later year,
 o are excessive and may not be capitalized or deducted in full,
 o should be capitalized and not deducted, or
 o may not be included as part of the basis for computing tax credits.

10

Any such contention by the IRS could adversely impact, among other things:

 o the eligible basis of a Housing Complex used to compute Low Income Housing
 Tax Credits,
 o the adjusted basis of a Housing Complex used to compute depreciation,
 o the correct deduction of fees,
 o the amortization of organization and offering expenses and start-up
 expenditures.

If the IRS were successful in any such contention, the anticipated Low Income
Housing Tax Credits and losses of the Partnership would be reduced, perhaps
substantially.

 CHANGES IN TAX LAW MIGHT REDUCE THE VALUE OF LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX
CREDITS. Although all Low Income Housing Tax Credits are allocated to a Housing
Complex at commencement of the 10-year credit period, there can be no assurance
that future legislation may not adversely affect an investment in the
Partnership. For example, legislation could reduce or eliminate the value of Low
Income Housing Tax Credits. In this regard, before 1986, the principal tax
benefit of an investment in low income housing was tax losses. These tax losses
generally were used to reduce an investor's income from all sources on a
dollar-for-dollar basis. Investments in low income housing were made in reliance
on the availability of such tax benefits. However, tax legislation enacted in
1986 severely curtailed deduction of such losses.

 NEW ADMINISTRATIVE OR JUDICIAL INTERPRETATIONS OF THE LAW MIGHT REDUCE THE
VALUE OF TAX CREDITS. Many of the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code
related to low income housing and real estate investments have not been
interpreted by the IRS in regulations, rulings or public announcements, or by
the courts. In the future, these provisions may be interpreted or clarified by
the IRS or the courts in a manner adverse to the Partnership or the Local
Limited Partnerships. The IRS constantly reviews the Federal tax rules, and can
revise its interpretations of established concepts. Any such revisions could
reduce or eliminate tax benefits associated with an investment in the
Partnership.

 STATE INCOME TAX LAWS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT THE LIMITED PARTNERS. A Limited
Partner may be required to file income tax returns and be subject to tax and
withholding in each state or local taxing jurisdiction in which: a Housing
Complex is located, the Partnership or a Local Limited Partnership engages in
business activities, or the Limited Partner is a resident. Corporate Limited
Partners may be required to pay state franchise taxes.

 THE TAX TREATMENT OF PARTICULAR ITEMS UNDER STATE OR LOCAL INCOME TAX LAWS
MAY VARY MATERIALLY FROM THE FEDERAL INCOME TAX TREATMENT OF SUCH ITEMS.
Nonetheless, many of the Federal income tax risks associated with an investment
in the Partnership may also apply under state or local income tax law. The
Partnership may be required to withhold state taxes from distributions or income
allocations to Limited Partners in some instances.

(D) RISKS RELATED TO THE PARTNERSHIP AND THE PARTNERSHIP AGREEMENT

 THE PARTNERSHIP MAY BE UNABLE TO TIMELY PROVIDE FINANCIAL REPORTS TO THE
LIMITED PARTNERS WHICH WOULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THEIR ABILITY TO MONITOR
PARTNERSHIP OPERATIONS. Each Local General Partner is required to retain
independent public accountants and to report financial information to the
Partnership in a timely manner. There cannot be any assurance that the Local
General Partners will satisfy these obligations. If not, the Partnership would
be unable to provide to the Limited Partners in a timely manner its financial
statements and other reports. That would impact the Limited Partners' ability to
monitor Partnership operations. The Partnership's failure to meet its filing
requirements under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 could reduce the
liquidity for the Partnership Units due to the unavailability of public
information concerning the Partnership. The failure to file could also result in
sanctions imposed by the SEC. Any defense mounted by the Partnership in the face
of such sanctions could entail legal and other fees, which would diminish cash
reserves.

 LACK OF LIQUIDITY OF INVESTMENT. It is unlikely that a public market will
develop for the purchase and sale of Partnership Units. Accordingly, Limited
Partners may not be able to sell their Partnership Units promptly or at a
reasonable price. Partnership Units should be considered as a long-term
investment because the Partnership is unlikely to sell any Local Limited
Partnership Interests for at least 15 years. Partnership Units cannot be
transferred to tax-exempt or foreign entities, or through a secondary market.
The General Partner can deny effectiveness of a transfer if necessary to avoid
adverse tax consequences from the transfer. The General Partner does not
anticipate that any Partnership Units will be redeemed by the Partnership.

11

THE LIMITED PARTNERS WILL NOT CONTROL THE PARTNERSHIP AND MUST RELY
TOTALLY ON THE GENERAL PARTNER. The General Partner will make all management
decisions for the Partnership. Management decisions include exercising powers
granted to the Partnership by a Local Limited Partnership. Limited Partners have
no right or power to take part in Partnership management.

Individual Limited Partners will have no recourse if they disagree with actions
authorized by a vote of the majority. The Partnership Agreement grants to
Limited Partners owning more than 50 of the Partnership Units the right to:

 o remove the General Partner and elect a replacement general partner,
 o amend the Partnership Agreement,
 o terminate the Partnership.

Accordingly, a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners could cause any such
events to occur, even if Limited Partners owning 49 of the Partnership Units
opposed such action.

 LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY OF THE GENERAL PARTNER TO THE PARTNERSHIP. The
ability of Limited Partners to sue the General Partner and it affiliates is
subject to limitations. The Partnership Agreement limits the liability of the
General Partner and it affiliates to the Limited Partners. The General Partner
and it affiliates will not be liable to the Limited Partners for acts and
omissions: performed or omitted in good faith, and performed or omitted in a
manner which the General Partner reasonably believed to be within the scope of
its authority and in the best interest of the Limited Partners, provided such
conduct did not constitute negligence or misconduct.

Therefore, Limited Partners may be less able to sue the General Partner and it
affiliates than would be the case if such provisions were not included in the
Partnership Agreement.

 PAYMENT OF FEES TO THE GENERAL PARTNER AND ITS AFFILIATES REDUCES CASH
AVAILABLE FOR INVESTMENT IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS. The General Partner and
it affiliates perform many services for the Partnership. They are paid fees for
these services, which reduce the amount of the cash available for investment in
Local Limited Partnerships. Accordingly, an investor investing directly in a low
income housing apartment complex would have a greater amount available for
investment than an investor investing in low income housing through the
Partnership.

 ASSOCIATES AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE SERVING AS THE GENERAL PARTNERS OF MANY
OTHER PARTNERSHIPS. Depending on their corporate area of responsibility, the
officers of Associates initially devote approximately 5 to 50 of their time to
the Partnership. These individuals spend significantly less time devoted to the
Partnership after the investment of the Partnership`s capital in Local Limited
Partnerships.

 THE INTERESTS OF LIMITED PARTNERS MAY CONFLICT WITH THE INTERESTS OF THE
GENERAL PARTNER AND ITS AFFILIATES. The General Partner and its affiliates are
committed to the management of more than 100 other limited partnerships that
have investments similar to those of the Partnership. The General Partner and
its affiliates receive substantial compensation from the Partnership.

 ANTICIPATED FUTURE AND EXISTING CASH RESOURCES OF THE PARTNERSHIP ARE NOT
SUFFICIENT TO PAY EXISTING LIABILITIES OF THE PARTNERSHIP. However,
substantially all of the existing liabilities of the Partnership are payable to
the General Partner and/or its affiliates. Though the amounts payable to the
General Partner and/or its affiliates are contractually currently payable, the
Partnership anticipates that the General Partner and/or its affiliates will not
require the payment of these contractual obligations until capital reserves are
in excess of the aggregate of then existing contractual obligations and then
anticipated future foreseeable obligations of the Partnership. The Partnership
would be adversely affected should the General Partner and/or its affiliates
demand current payment of the existing contractual obligations and or suspend
services for this or any other reason.

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS

Not Applicable

12

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES

Through its investments in Local Limited Partnerships, the Partnership holds
indirect ownership interests in the Housing Complexes. The following table
reflects the status of the tenty-two Housing Complexes as of the dates or for
the periods indicated:

------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2007 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2006
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apartment Housing of East Apartment Developers
East Brewton, Ltd. Brewton, Inc. and Thomas H.
 Alabama Cooksey 1,192,000 1,192,000 40 93 1,863,000 1,111,000

Autumn Trace Silsbee, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 412,000 412,000 58 95 714,000 1,185,000

Broken Bow Apartments Broken Bow, Retro Development,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska Inc. 608,000 608,000 16 100 1,127,000 536,000

Candleridge Apartments Waukee, Eric A. Sheldahl
of Waukee L.P. II Iowa 125,000 125,000 23 100 230,000 658,000

Chadwick Limited Edan, North Boyd Management, Inc.
Partnership Carolina Gordon L. Blackwell
 and Regency
 Investment Associates 378,000 378,000 48 98 735,000 1,505,000

Comanche Retirement Comanche, Max L. Rightmer
Village, Ltd. Texas 136,000 136,000 22 100 265,000 587,000

Crossings II Limited Portage, Raymond T. Cato, Jr.
Dividend Housing Michigan
Association Limited
Partnership (3) 432,000 432,000 114 82 739,000 5,278,000

EW, a Wisconsin Evansville, Philip Wallis, James
Limited Partnership Wisconsin Poehlman, Cynthia
(2) Solfest Wallis, and
 Anita Poehlman - - - - - -

13

------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2007 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2006
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Garland Street Limited Malvarn, Conrad L. Beggs,
Partnership Arkansas Audrey D. Beggs,
 Russell J. Altizer,
 and Marjorie L. Beggs 164,000 164,000 18 89 319,000 672,000

Hereford Seniors Hereford, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 167,000 167,000 28 93 330,000 777,000

Hickory Lane Newton, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 174,000 174,000 24 67 320,000 583,000

Honeysuckle Court Vidor, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 339,000 339,000 48 83 622,000 1,140,000

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. Fullerton, Klimpel Manor
 California Apartments 1,774,000 1,774,000 59 100 3,360,000 1,910,000

Lamesa Seniors Lamesa, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 143,000 143,000 24 96 284,000 663,000

Laredo Heights Navasota, Donald W. Sowell
Apartments Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 48 96 413,000 945,000

Mountainview North John C. Loving and
Apartments Limited Wilkesboro, Gordon D. Brown, Jr.
Partnership North
 Carolina 195,000 195,000 24 96 387,000 958,000

Palestine Seniors Palestine, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 42 95 446,000 1,091,000

Pecan Grove Limited Forrest Conrad Beggs, Audrey
Partnership City, Beggs and Russell
 Arkansas Altizer 240,000 240,000 32 94 486,000 1,075,000

Pioneer Street Bakersfield, Philip R. Hammond,
Associates California Jr. and Walter A.
 Dwelle 2,222,000 2,222,000 112 94 4,116,000 1,673,000

14

------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2007 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2006
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sidney Apartments I, Sidney, Retro Development,
Limited Partnership Nebraska Inc. And Most
 Worshipful Prince
 Hall Grand Lodge 530,000 530,000 18 100 972,000 514,000

Southcove Associates Orange Cove, Philip R. Hammond,
 California Jr. and Diane M.
 Hammond 2,000,000 2,000,000 54 94 3,585,000 1,481,000

Walnut Turn Buna, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 188,000 188,000 24 92 344,000 367,000
 ------- ------- -- --- ------- -------
 11,869,000 11,869,000 876 92 21,963,000 24,709,000
 =========== =========== === === =========== ===========

(1) Represents aggregate anticipated Low Income Housing Tax Credits to be received over the 10 year credit period if Housing
 Complexes are retained and rented in compliance with credit rules for the 15-year compliance period. Approximately 97 of the
 anticipated Low Income Housing Tax Credits have been received from the Local Limited Partnerships and are no longer available
 to the Limited Partners.

(2) The Housing Complex was sold on October 31, 2006 and the Local Limited Partnership was subsequently dissolved.

(3) The Housing Complex was identified in October of 2007 for disposition.

15

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX
 LOCAL LIMITED CREDITS ALLOCATED TO
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME NET INCOME (LOSS) PARTNERSHIP
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apartment Housing of East
Brewton, Ltd. 138,000 (49,000) 98.99 

Autumn Trace Associates, Ltd. 273,000 (15,000) 99.00 

Broken Bow Apartments I,
Limited Partnership 56,000 (37,000) 99.00 

Candleridge Apartments of
Waukee L.P. II 126,000 (16,000) 99.00 

Chadwick Limited Partnership 228,000 (30,000) 99.00 

Comanche Retirement Village, Ltd. 89,000 (22,000) 99.00 

Crossings II Limited Dividend
Housing Association Limited
Partnership 679,000 (140,000) 98.99 

EW, a Wisconsin Limited
Partnership 82,000 42,000 99.00 

Garland Street Limited
Partnership 97,000 (39,000) 99.00 

Hereford Seniors Community, Ltd. 116,000 (2,000) 99.00 

Hickory Lane Associates, Ltd. 68,000 (42,000) 99.00 

Honeysuckle Court Associates, Ltd. 194,000 (63,000) 99.00 

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. 426,000 (47,000) 96.00 

Lamesa Seniors Community, Ltd. 137,000 (19,000) 99.00 

Laredo Heights Apartments Ltd. 216,000 (14,000) 99.00 

Mountainview Apartments
Limited Partnership 117,000 (4,000) 99.00 

Palestine Seniors Community, Ltd. 142,000 (19,000) 99.00 

Pecan Grove Limited Partnership 153,000 (33,000) 99.00 

Pioneer Street Associates 564,000 (58,000) 99.00 

Sidney Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 79,000 (59,000) 99.00 

Southcove Associates 255,000 (152,000) 99.00 

Walnut Turn Associates, Ltd. 108,000 (44,000) 99.00 
 ------- -------
 4,343,000 (862,000)
 ========== ==========

16

------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2006 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2005
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apartment Housing of East Apartment Developers
East Brewton, Ltd. Brewton, Inc. and Thomas H.
 Alabama Cooksey 1,192,000 1,192,000 40 93 1,863,000 1,119,000

Autumn Trace Silsbee, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 412,000 412,000 58 100 714,000 1,199,000

Broken Bow Apartments Broken Bow, Retro Development,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska Inc. 608,000 608,000 16 100 1,127,000 581,000

Candleridge Apartments Waukee, Eric A. Sheldahl
of Waukee L.P. II Iowa 125,000 125,000 23 91 230,000 663,000

Chadwick Limited Edan, North Boyd Management, Inc.
Partnership Carolina Gordon L. Blackwell
 and Regency
 Investment Associates 378,000 378,000 48 100 735,000 1,488,000

Comanche Retirement Comanche, Max L. Rightmer
Village, Ltd. Texas 136,000 136,000 22 100 265,000 580,000

Crossings II Limited Portage, Raymond T. Cato, Jr.
Dividend Housing Michigan
Association Limited
Partnership (3) 432,000 432,000 114 69 739,000 5,395,000

EW, a Wisconsin Evansville, Philip Wallis, James
Limited Partnership (2) Wisconsin Poehlman, Cynthia
 Solfest Wallis, and
 Anita Poehlman 164,000 164,000 16 100 306,000 581,000

Garland Street Limited Malvarn, Conrad L. Beggs,
Partnership Arkansas Audrey D. Beggs,
 Russell J. Altizer,
 and Marjorie L. Beggs 164,000 164,000 18 100 319,000 676,000

17
 
 ------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2006 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2005
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hereford Seniors Hereford, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 167,000 167,000 28 93 330,000 781,000

Hickory Lane Newton, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 174,000 174,000 24 71 320,000 585,000

Honeysuckle Court Vidor, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 339,000 339,000 48 94 622,000 1,144,000

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. Fullerton, Klimpel Manor
 California Apartments 1,774,000 1,774,000 59 100 3,360,000 1,936,000

Lamesa Seniors Lamesa, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 143,000 143,000 24 83 284,000 666,000

Laredo Heights Navasota, Donald W. Sowell
Apartments Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 48 98 413,000 954,000

Mountainview North John C. Loving and
Apartments Limited Wilkesboro, Gordon D. Brown, Jr.
Partnership North
 Carolina 195,000 195,000 24 100 387,000 964,000

Palestine Seniors Palestine, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 42 95 446,000 1,098,000

Pecan Grove Limited Forrest Conrad Beggs, Audrey
Partnership City, Beggs and Russell
 Arkansas Altizer 240,000 240,000 32 94 486,000 1,081,000

Pioneer Street Bakersfield, Philip R. Hammond,
Associates California Jr. and Walter A.
 Dwelle 2,222,000 2,222,000 112 94 4,116,000 1,715,000

18

------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2006 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2005
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sidney Apartments I, Sidney, Retro Development,
Limited Partnership Nebraska Inc. And Most
 Worshipful Prince
 Hall Grand Lodge 530,000 530,000 18 94 972,000 425,000

Southcove Associates Orange Cove, Philip R. Hammond,
 California Jr. and Diane M.
 Hammond 2,000,000 2,000,000 54 96 3,585,000 1,490,000

Walnut Turn Buna, Texas Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. 188,000 188,000 24 96 344,000 677,000
 ------- ------- -- --- ------- -------
 12,033,000 12,033,000 892 94 21,963,000 25,798,000
 =========== =========== === === =========== ===========

(1) Represents aggregate anticipated Low Income Housing Tax Credits to be received over the 10 year credit period if Housing
 Complexes are retained and rented in compliance with credit rules for the 15-year compliance period. Approximately 95 of the
 anticipated Low Income Housing Tax Credits have been received from the Local Limited Partnerships and are no longer available
 to the Limited Partners.

(2) The Housing Complex was sold on October 31, 2006 and the Local Limited Partnership was subsequently dissolved.

(3) The Housing Complex was identified in October 2007 for disposition.

19

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX
 LOCAL LIMITED CREDITS ALLOCATED TO
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME NET INCOME (LOSS) PARTNERSHIP
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apartment Housing of East
Brewton, Ltd. 133,000 (56,000) 98.99 

Autumn Trace Associates, Ltd. 255,000 (24,000) 99.00 

Broken Bow Apartments I,
Limited Partnership 56,000 (48,000) 99.00 

Candleridge Apartments of
Waukee L.P. II 126,000 (14,000) 99.00 

Chadwick Limited Partnership 220,000 (17,000) 99.00 

Comanche Retirement Village, Ltd. 87,000 (15,000) 99.00 

Crossings II Limited Dividend
Housing Association Limited
Partnership 565,000 (226,000) 98.99 

EW, a Wisconsin Limited
Partnership 78,000 34,000 99.00 

Garland Street Limited
Partnership 95,000 (34,000) 99.00 

Hereford Seniors Community, Ltd. 105,000 (13,000) 99.00 

Hickory Lane Associates, Ltd. 98,000 (44,000) 99.00 

Honeysuckle Court Associates, Ltd. 209,000 (49,000) 99.00 

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. 428,000 (21,000) 96.00 

Lamesa Seniors Community, Ltd. 122,000 (26,000) 99.00 

Laredo Heights Apartments Ltd. 205,000 (21,000) 99.00 

Mountainview Apartments
Limited Partnership 113,000 1,000 99.00 

Palestine Seniors Community, Ltd. 144,000 (41,000) 99.00 

Pecan Grove Limited Partnership 150,000 (35,000) 99.00 
Pioneer Street Associates 565,000 (54,000) 99.00 

Sidney Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 79,000 (24,000) 99.00 

Southcove Associates 261,000 (121,000) 99.00 

Walnut Turn Associates, Ltd. 108,000 (23,000) 99.00 
 ------- -------
 4,202,000 (871,000)
 ========== =========

20

------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2005 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apartment Housing of East Apartment Developers
East Brewton, Ltd. Brewton, Inc. and Thomas H.
 Alabama Cooksey 1,192,000 1,192,000 40 100 1,863,000 1,127,000

Autumn Trace Silsbee, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 412,000 412,000 58 86 714,000 1,211,000

Broken Bow Apartments Broken Bow, Retro Development,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska Inc. 608,000 608,000 16 100 1,127,000 582,000

Candleridge Apartments Waukee, Eric A. Sheldahl
of Waukee L.P. II Iowa 125,000 125,000 23 91 230,000 666,000

Chadwick Limited Edan, North Boyd Management, Inc.
Partnership Carolina Gordon L. Blackwell
 and Regency
 Investment Associates 378,000 378,000 48 96 735,000 1,535,000

Comanche Retirement Comanche, Max L. Rightmer
Village, Ltd. Texas 136,000 136,000 22 100 265,000 582,000

Crossings II Limited Portage, Raymond T. Cato, Jr.
Dividend Housing Michigan
Association Limited
Partnership (3) 432,000 432,000 114 69 739,000 5,511,000

EW, a Wisconsin Evansville, Philip Wallis, James
Limited Partnership (2) Wisconsin Poehlman, Cynthia
 Solfest Wallis, and
 Anita Poehlman 164,000 164,000 16 100 306,000 587,000

Garland Street Limited Malvarn, Conrad L. Beggs,
Partnership Arkansas Audrey D. Beggs,
 Russell J. Altizer,
 and Marjorie L. Beggs 164,000 164,000 18 100 319,000 680,000

Hereford Seniors Hereford, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 167,000 167,000 28 93 330,000 785,000

Hickory Lane Newton, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 174,000 174,000 24 92 320,000 587,000

Honeysuckle Court Vidor, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 339,000 339,000 48 100 622,000 1,148,000

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. Fullerton, Klimpel Manor
 California Apartments 1,774,000 1,774,000 59 100 3,360,000 1,959,000

Lamesa Seniors Lamesa, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 143,000 143,000 24 96 284,000 669,000

Laredo Heights Navasota, Donald W. Sowell
Apartments Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 48 92 413,000 962,000

Mountainview North John C. Loving and
Apartments Limited Wilkesboro, Gordon D. Brown, Jr.
Partnership North
 Carolina 195,000 195,000 24 100 387,000 971,000

Palestine Seniors Palestine, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 42 100 446,000 1,104,000

Pecan Grove Limited Forrest Conrad Beggs, Audrey
Partnership City, Beggs and Russell
 Arkansas Altizer 240,000 240,000 32 97 486,000 1,088,000

Pioneer Street Bakersfield, Philip R. Hammond,
Associates California Jr. and Walter A.
 Dwelle 2,222,000 2,222,000 112 93 4,116,000 1,750,000

21

------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2005 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sidney Apartments I, Sidney, Retro Development,
Limited Partnership Nebraska Inc. And Most
 Worshipful Prince
 Hall Grand Lodge 530,000 530,000 18 100 972,000 426,000

Southcove Associates Orange Cove, Philip R. Hammond,
 California Jr. and Diane M.
 Hammond 2,000,000 2,000,000 54 100 3,585,000 1,499,000

Walnut Turn Buna, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 188,000 188,000 24 96 344,000 680,000
 ------- ------- -- --- ------- -------
 12,033,000 12,033,000 892 96 21,963,000 26,109,000
 =========== =========== === === =========== ===========

(1) Represents aggregate anticipated Low Income Housing Tax Credits to be received over the 10 year credit period if Housing
 Complexes are retained and rented in compliance with credit rules for the 15-year compliance period. Approximately 89 of the
 anticipated Low Income Housing Tax Credits have been received from the Local Limited Partnerships and are no longer available
 to the Limited Partners.

(2) The Housing Complex was sold on October 31, 2006 and the Local Limited Partnership was subsequently dissolved.

(3) The Housing Complex was identified in October 2007 for disposition.

22

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX
 LOCAL LIMITED CREDITS ALLOCATED TO
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME NET INCOME (LOSS) PARTNERSHIP
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East
Brewton, Ltd. 128,000 (63,000) 98.99 

Autumn Trace Associates, Ltd. 241,000 (38,000) 99.00 

Broken Bow Apartments I,
Limited Partnership 53,000 (47,000) 99.00 

Candleridge Apartments of
Waukee L.P. II 131,000 (14,000) 99.00 

Chadwick Limited Partnership 216,000 (14,000) 99.00 

Comanche Retirement Village, Ltd. 85,000 (18,000) 99.00 

Crossings II Limited Dividend
Housing Association Limited
Partnership 572,000 (214,000) 98.99 

EW, a Wisconsin Limited
Partnership 73,000 (59,000) 99.00 

Garland Street Limited
Partnership 100,000 (16,000) 99.00 

Hereford Seniors Community, Ltd. 103,000 (9,000) 99.00 

Hickory Lane Associates, Ltd. 103,000 (32,000) 99.00 

Honeysuckle Court Associates, Ltd. 207,000 (60,000) 99.00 

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. 420,000 (67,000) 96.00 

Lamesa Seniors Community, Ltd. 123,000 (25,000) 99.00 

Laredo Heights Apartments Ltd. 192,000 (26,000) 99.00 

Mountainview Apartments
Limited Partnership 128,000 (10,000) 99.00 

Palestine Seniors Community, Ltd. 143,000 (18,000) 99.00 

Pecan Grove Limited Partnership 149,000 (38,000) 99.00 
Pioneer Street Associates 533,000 (63,000) 99.00 

Sidney Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 83,000 (25,000) 99.00 

Southcove Associates 248,000 (120,000) 99.00 

Walnut Turn Associates, Ltd. 99,000 (42,000) 99.00 
 ------ -------
 4,130,000 (1,018,000)
 ========== ===========

23

------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2004 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2003
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Apartment Housing of East Apartment Developers
East Brewton, Ltd. Brewton, Inc. and Thomas H.
 Alabama Cooksey 1,192,000 1,192,000 40 90 1,863,000 1,134,000

Autumn Trace Silsbee, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 412,000 412,000 58 93 714,000 1,223,000

Broken Bow Apartments Broken Bow, Retro Development,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska Inc. 608,000 608,000 16 94 1,127,000 583,000

Candleridge Apartments Waukee, Eric A. Sheldahl
of Waukee L.P. II Iowa 125,000 125,000 23 100 230,000 670,000

Chadwick Limited Edan, North Boyd Management, Inc.
Partnership Carolina Gordon L. Blackwell
 and Regency
 Investment Associates 378,000 378,000 48 100 735,000 1,516,000

Comanche Retirement Comanche, Max L. Rightmer
Village, Ltd. Texas 136,000 136,000 22 100 265,000 594,000

Crossings II Limited Portage, Raymond T. Cato, Jr.
Dividend Housing Michigan
Association Limited
Partnership (3) 432,000 432,000 114 79 739,000 5,611,000

EW, a Wisconsin Evansville, Philip Wallis, James
Limited Partnership (2) Wisconsin Poehlman, Cynthia
 Solfest Wallis, and
 Anita Poehlman 164,000 164,000 16 100 306,000 598,000

Garland Street Limited Malvarn, Conrad L. Beggs,
Partnership Arkansas Audrey D. Beggs,
 Russell J. Altizer,
 and Marjorie L. Beggs 164,000 164,000 18 78 319,000 683,000

24

------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2004 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2003
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Hereford Seniors Hereford, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 167,000 167,000 28 89 330,000 789,000

Hickory Lane Newton, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 174,000 174,000 24 100 320,000 589,000

Honeysuckle Court Vidor, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 339,000 339,000 48 100 622,000 1,152,000

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. Fullerton, Klimpel Manor
 California Apartments 1,774,000 1,774,000 59 95 3,360,000 1,981,000

Lamesa Seniors Lamesa, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 143,000 143,000 24 100 284,000 672,000

Laredo Heights Navasota, Donald W. Sowell
Apartments Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 48 90 413,000 970,000

Mountainview North John C. Loving and
Apartments Limited Wilkesboro, Gordon D. Brown, Jr.
Partnership North
 Carolina 195,000 195,000 24 92 387,000 977,000

Palestine Seniors Palestine, Winston Sullivan
Community, Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 42 100 446,000 1,109,000

Pecan Grove Limited Forrest Conrad Beggs, Audrey
Partnership City, Beggs and Russell
 Arkansas Altizer 240,000 240,000 32 88 486,000 1,094,000

Pioneer Street Bakersfield, Philip R. Hammond,
Associates California Jr. and Walter A.
 Dwelle 2,222,000 2,222,000 112 97 4,116,000 1,781,000

25

------------------------ ---------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2004 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2003
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S MORTGAGE
 TOTAL ESTIMATED BALANCES
 INVESTMENT AMOUNT OF AGGREGATE OF LOCAL
 IN LOCAL INVESTMENT LOW INCOME LIMITED
 LOCAL LIMITED LIMITED PAID NUMBER OF HOUSING TAX PARTNER-
PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION GENERAL PARTNER NAME PARTNERSHIPS TO DATE UNITS OCCUPANCY CREDITS (1) SHIPS
- ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sidney Apartments I, Sidney, Retro Development,
Limited Partnership Nebraska Inc. And Most
 Worshipful Prince
 Hall Grand Lodge 530,000 530,000 18 100 972,000 428,000

Southcove Associates Orange Cove, Philip R. Hammond,
 California Jr. and Diane M.
 Hammond 2,000,000 2,000,000 54 100 3,585,000 1,506,000

Walnut Turn Buna, Olsen Securities Corp.
Associates, Ltd. Texas 188,000 188,000 24 96 344,000 682,000
 ------- ------- -- --- ------- -------
 12,033,000 12,033,000 892 95 21,963,000 26,342,000
 =========== =========== === === =========== ===========

(1) Represents aggregate anticipated Low Income Housing Tax Credits to be received over the 10 year credit period if Housing
 Complexes are retained and rented in compliance with credit rules for the 15-year compliance period. Approximately 80 of the
 anticipated Low Income Housing Tax Credits have been received from the Local Limited Partnerships and are no longer available
 to the Limited Partners.

(2) The Housing Complex was sold on October 31, 2006 and the Local Limited Partnership was subsequently dissolved.

(3) The Housing Complex was identified in October of 2007 for disposition.

26

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
 LOW INCOME HOUSING TAX
 LOCAL LIMITED CREDITS ALLOCATED TO
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME NET INCOME (LOSS) PARTNERSHIP
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East
Brewton, Ltd. 136,000 (71,000) 98.99 

Autumn Trace Associates, Ltd. 253,000 (37,000) 99.00 

Broken Bow Apartments I,
Limited Partnership 56,000 (60,000) 99.00 

Candleridge Apartments of
Waukee L.P. II 127,000 (31,000) 99.00 

Chadwick Limited Partnership 214,000 (8,000) 99.00 

Comanche Retirement Village, Ltd. 82,000 (322,000) 99.00 

Crossings II Limited Dividend
Housing Association Limited
Partnership 692,000 (114,000) 98.99 

EW, a Wisconsin Limited
Partnership 93,000 33,000 99.00 

Garland Street Limited
Partnership 79,000 (31,000) 99.00 

Hereford Seniors Community, Ltd. 85,000 (30,000) 99.00 

Hickory Lane Associates, Ltd. 101,000 (23,000) 99.00 

Honeysuckle Court Associates, Ltd. 203,000 (56,000) 99.00 

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. 419,000 (37,000) 96.00 

Lamesa Seniors Community, Ltd. 124,000 (24,000) 99.00 

Laredo Heights Apartments Ltd. 179,000 (21,000) 99.00 

Mountainview Apartments
Limited Partnership 108,000 (9,000) 99.00 

Palestine Seniors Community, Ltd. 140,000 (19,000) 99.00 

Pecan Grove Limited Partnership 136,000 (45,000) 99.00 

Pioneer Street Associates 531,000 (34,000) 99.00 

Sidney Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 86,000 (93,000) 99.00 

Southcove Associates 244,000 (106,000) 99.00 

Walnut Turn Associates, Ltd. 100,000 (43,000) 99.00 
 ------- -------
 4,188,000 (1,181,000)
 ========== ===========

27

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

NONE

ITEM 4. SUBMISSION OF MATTERS TO A VOTE OF SECURITY HOLDERS

NONE

PART II.

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF OF EQUITY SECURITIES

ITEM 5A.

a) The Partnership Units are not traded on a public exchange but were sold
 through a public offering. It is not anticipated that any public market
 will develop for the purchase and sale of any Partnership Units and none
 exists. Partnership Units can be assigned or otherwise transferred only if
 certain requirements in the Partnership Agreement are satisfied.

b) At March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004, there were 822, 822, 818, and 817
 Limited Partners, respectively, and 12, 10, 9, and 8, assignees of
 Partnership Units who were not admitted as Limited Partners, respectively.

c) The Partnership was not designed to provide cash distributions to Limited
 Partners in circumstances other than, perhaps, refinancing or disposition
 of its investments in Local Limited Partnerships. Any such distributions
 would be made in accordance with the terms of the Partnership Agreement.

d) No securities are authorized for issuance by the Partnership under equity
 compensation plans.

e) The Partnership does not issue common stock

f) No unregistered securities were sold by the Partnership during the years
 ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004.

ITEM 5B. USE OF PROCEEDS

NOT APPLICABLE

ITEM 5C. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUERS AND AFFILIATED PURCHASERS

NONE

28

ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

Selected balance sheet information for the Partnership is as follows:

FOR THE YEARS ENDING MARCH 31,
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------
 
ASSETS
Cash 20,085 16,967 15,735 8,710 16,162 32,342 84,147 180,133
Investments in Local
 Limited Partnerships, net 970,319 1,750,403 2,557,672 4,658,703 6,098,332 6,677,963 7,432,933 8,311,454
Other assets - - 998 998 998 3,998 998 998
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------

 TOTAL ASSETS 990,404 1,767,370 2,574,405 4,668,411 6,115,492 6,714,303 7,518,078 8,492,585
 ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ==========

LIABILITIES
Accrued expenses - - - - - 4,000 48,569 86,965
Accrued fees and expenses
 due to General Partner
 and affiliates 618,403 549,571 475,883 403,826 359,174 316,573 107,278 72,598

PARTNERS' EQUITY 372,001 1,217,799 2,098,522 4,264,585 5,756,318 6,393,730 7,362,231 8,333,022
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------

 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND
 PARTNERS' EQUITY 990,404 1,767,370 2,574,405 4,668,411 6,115,492 6,714,303 7,518,078 8,492,585
 ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ==========

29

Selected results of operations, cash flows and other information for the Partnership are as follows:

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000
 ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ---------- ---------- -----------

Net loss from operations
(Note 1) (535,481) (389,875) (1,669,400) (1,019,015) (108,678) (253,796) (146,427) (884,571)
Equity in losses from
 Local Limited
 Partnerships (310,379) (490,890) (496,709) (472,828) (529,118) (716,788) (831,638) (992,162)
Interest income 62 42 46 110 384 2,083 7,274 14,374
 ---------- ---------- ----------- ----------- ---------- ---------- ---------- -----------
NET LOSS (845,798) (880,723) (2,166,063) (1,491,733) (637,412) (968,501) (970,791) (1,862,359)
 ========== ========== =========== =========== ========== ========== ========== ===========

NET LOSS ALLOCATED TO:
 General Partner (8,458) (8,807) (21,661) (14,917) (6,374) (9,685) (9,708) (18,624)
 ========== ========== =========== =========== ========== ========== ========== ===========

 Limited Partners (837,340) (871,916) (2,144,402) (1,476,816) (631,038) (958,816) (961,083) (1,843,735)
 ========== ========== =========== =========== ========== ========== ========== ===========

NET LOSS PER PARTNERSHIP
 UNIT (53.68) (55.89) (137.46) (94.67) (40.45) (61.46) (61.61) (118.19)
 ========== ========== =========== =========== ========== ========== ========== ===========

OUTSTANDING WEIGHTED
 PARTNERSHIP UNITS 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600
 ========== ========== =========== =========== ========== ========== ========== ===========

Note 1 - Loss from operations for the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003, 2002, 2001 and 2000 include a charge for
impairment losses on investments in Local Limited Partnerships of 450,003, 275,383, 1,560,537, 916,713, 0, 0, 0,and 766,559,
respectively. (See Note 2 to the financial statements.)

30

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------

NET CASH PROVIDED BY
 (USED IN):

 Operating activities 3,118 (11,018) (5,225) (19,852) (29,005) (52,055) (101,935) (19,827)
 Investing activities - 12,250 12,250 12,400 12,825 250 5,949 (352,388)
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------

NET CHANGE IN CASH 3,118 1,232 7,025 (7,452) (16,180) (51,805) (95,986) (372,215)

CASH, BEGINNING
 OF PERIOD 16,967 15,735 8,710 16,162 32,342 84,147 180,133 552,348
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------

CASH, END OF PERIOD 20,085 16,967 15,735 8,710 16,162 32,342 84,147 180,133
 ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ==========

Low Income Housing Tax Credits per Partnership Unit were as follows for the
years ended December 31:

 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Federal 29 78 132 137 137 137 141 135
State - - - - - - - -
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ----------

Total 29 80 133 137 137 137 141 135
 ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ==========

31

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
 OF OPERATIONS

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

With the exception of the discussion regarding historical information, this
"Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations" and other discussions elsewhere in this Form 10-K contain forward
looking statements. Such statements are based on current expectations subject to
uncertainties and other factors which may involve known and unknown risks that
could cause actual results of operations to differ materially from those
projected or implied. Further, certain forward-looking statements are based upon
assumptions about future events which may not prove to be accurate.

Risks and uncertainties inherent in forward looking statements include, but are
not limited to, our future cash flows and ability to obtain sufficient
financing, level of operating expenses, conditions in the Low Income Housing Tax
Credits property market and the economy in general, as well as legal
proceedings. Historical results are not necessarily indicative of the operating
results for any future period.

Subsequent written and oral forward looking statements attributable to the
Partnership or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their
entirety by cautionary statements in this Form 10-K and in other reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The following discussion should be
read in conjunction with the Financial Statements and the Notes thereto included
elsewhere in this filing.

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND CERTAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

The Partnership believes that the following discussion addresses the
Partnership's most significant accounting policies, which are the most critical
to aid in fully understanding and evaluating the Partnership's reported
financial results, and certain of the Partnership's risks and uncertainties.

USE OF ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those
estimates.

METHOD OF ACCOUNTING FOR INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS

The Partnership accounts for its investments in Local Limited Partnerships using
the equity method of accounting, whereby the Partnership adjusts its investment
balance for its share of the Local Limited Partnerships' results of operations
and for any contributions made and distributions received. The Partnership
reviews the carrying amount of an individual investment in a Local Limited
Partnership for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of such investment may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of such investment is measured by the estimated value derived by
management, generally consisting of the product of the remaining future Low
Income Housing Tax Credits estimated to be allocable to the Partnership and the
estimated residual value to the Partnership. If an investment is considered to
be impaired, the Partnership reduces the carrying value of its investment in any
such Local Limited Partnership. The accounting policies of the Local Limited
Partnerships, generally, are expected to be consistent with those of the
Partnership. Costs incurred by the Partnership in acquiring the investments are
capitalized as part of the investment account and are being amortized over 30
years. (See Notes 2 and 3 to the financial statements)

"Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships" for each year ended March 31
has been recorded by the Partnership based on nine months of reported results
provided by the Local Limited Partnerships for each year ended December 31 and
on three months of results estimated by management of the Partnership.
Management's estimate for the three-month period is based on either actual
unaudited results reported by the Local Limited Partnerships or historical
trends in the operations of the Local Limited Partnerships. In subsequent annual
financial statements, upon receiving the actual annual results reported by the
Local Limited Partnerships, management reverses its prior estimate and records
the actual results reported by the Local Limited Partnerships. Equity in losses
from the Local Limited Partnerships allocated to the Partnership is not
recognized to the extent that the investment balance would be adjusted below
zero. As soon as the investment balance reaches zero, amortization of the
related costs of acquiring the investment are impaired.

32

Distributions received from the Local Limited Partnerships are accounted for as
a reduction of the investment balance. Distributions received after the
investment has reached zero are recognized as distribution income. If the Local
Limited Partnerships report net income in future years, the Partnership will
resume applying the equity method only after its share of such net income equals
the share of net losses not recognized during the period(s) the equity method
was suspended.

The Partnership does not consolidate the accounts and activities of the Local
Limited Partnerships which are Variable Interest Entities under Financial
Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 46-Revised, "Consolidation of
Variable Interest Entities", because the Partnership is not considered the
primary beneficiary. The Partnership's balance in Investments in Local Limited
Partnerships represents the maximum exposure to loss in connection with such
investments. The Partnership's exposure to loss on the Local Limited
Partnerships is mitigated by the condition and financial performance of the
underlying Housing Complexes as well as the strength of the Local General
Partners.

INCOME TAXES

No provision for income taxes has been recorded in the financial statements as
any liabilities and/or benefits from income taxes flow to the partners of the
Partnership and are their obligations and/or benefits. For income tax purposes,
the Partnership reports on a calendar year basis.

CERTAIN RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES

See Item 1A for a discussion of risks regarding the Partnership.

To date, certain Local Limited Partnerships have incurred significant operating
losses and have working capital deficiencies. In the event these Local Limited
Partnerships continue to incur significant operating losses, additional capital
contributions by the Partnership and/or the Local General Partners may be
required to sustain the operations of such Local Limited Partnerships. If
additional capital contributions are not made when they are required, the
Partnership's investment in certain of such Local Limited Partnerships could be
lost, and the loss and recapture of the related Low Income Housing Tax Credits
could occur.

TROUBLED HOUSING COMPLEXES

One Local Limited Partnership, Crossing II Limited Dividend Housing Association
LP ("Crossings II") started to experience operational issues during the year
ended March 31, 2005. As interest rates were falling, this particular market saw
an increasing number of people purchasing first time homes, thereby, causing
high vacancy rates. This particular area of Michigan is experiencing an overall
low occupancy issue. The low occupancy was the primary reason for the
properties' cash flow issues. The Local General Partner continues to make
advances to the property to help fund its operations. The Partnership received
all the Low Income Housing Tax Credits from Crossings II. The final credits were
taken in 2007. The Local Limited Partnership's General Partner is looking to
purchase the Partnership's limited partnership interest in Crossings II. The
General Partner is going to post a surety bond to protect the Partnership from
tax credit recapture. The anticipated closing date of this transaction is April
of 2008.

The Partnership has two investments, consisting of 99 limited partnership
interests in each of Broken Bow Apartments I, Limited Partnership ("Broken Bow")
and Sidney Apartments I, Limited Partnership ("Sidney").

Due to operational difficulties and negative cash flows in 2000, foreclosure
procedures were commenced by the lender of these two Local Limited Partnerships.
As a result, the Partnerships , Broken Bow and Sidney, in addition to a WNC
subsidiary executed a work-out agreement with the lender (the "Agreement"),
which was effective December 14, 2001. Broken Bow was required to pay to the
lender 165,000 as a partial settlement of the indebtedness due and owed by
Broken Bow due to the fact that their loan was a construction loan. The
Partnership advanced the aforementioned monies to Broken Bow and fully reserved
the amount as of March 31, 2002. The balance of the indebtedness owed to the
lender by Broken Bow was satisfied by the execution of two promissory notes.
Simultaneously, the balance of the indebtedness owed to the lender by Sidney was
also satisfied by the execution of two promissory notes. The Partnership and a
WNC subsidiary had executed a guarantee for the payment of both notes of Broken
Bow and Sidney. In addition, several other commitments were made. Broken Bow and
Sidney had also executed a grant deed to the lender in the event that any of the
entities defaulted under the terms and provisions of the notes. The deeds were
held in escrow, and if Broken Bow or Sidney defaults on either note, the lender
may, at its option, record the respective deed. In addition, the Partnership had
under the promissory notes assigned the lender as additional collateral all of
its residual value interests, as defined, in all of the Local Limited
Partnerships. The Partnership and the Local Limited Partnerships were prohibited
from selling, assigning, transferring or further encumbering the Housing
Complexes retained by each Local Limited Partnership without the lenders
acknowledgement.

33

On March 24, 2006 Broken Bow and Sidney had the promissory notes refinanced and
as a result the Partnership and a WNC subsidiary were relieved of their
obligations as guarantors for these two Local Limited Partnerships. The
Partnership was also released of pledging additional collateral in the form of
its residual value interests.

FINANCIAL CONDITION

FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2007

The Partnership's assets at March 31, 2007 consisted primarily of 20,000 in
cash, and aggregate investments in twenty-one Local Limited Partnerships of
 970,000 (See "Method of Accounting for Investments in Local Limited
Partnerships"). Liabilities at March 31, 2007 primarily consisted of 618,000 of
accrued annual management fees and advances payable to the General Partner
and/or its affiliates. (See "Future Contractual Cash Obligations" below)

FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006

The Partnership's assets at March 31, 2006 consisted primarily of 17,000 in
cash, and aggregate investments in twenty-two Local Limited Partnerships of
 1,750,000 (See "Method of Accounting for Investments in Local Limited
Partnerships"). Liabilities at March 31, 2006 primarily consisted of 550,000 of
accrued annual management fees and advances payable to the General Partner
and/or its affiliates. (See "Future Contractual Cash Obligations" below)

FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005

The Partnership's assets at March 31, 2005 consisted primarily of 16,000 in
cash aggregate investments in twenty-two Local Limited Partnerships of
 2,558,000 (See "Method of Accounting for Investments in Local Limited
Partnerships") and other assets of 1,000. Liabilities at March 31, 2005
primarily consisted of 476,000 of accrued annual management fees and advances
payable to the General Partner and/or its affiliates. (See "Future Contractual
Cash Obligations" below)

FOR THE YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004

The Partnership's assets at March 31, 2004 consisted primarily of 9,000 in cash
aggregate investments in twenty-two Local Limited Partnerships of 4,659,000
(See "Method of Accounting for Investments in Local Limited Partnerships") and
other assets of 1,000. Liabilities at March 31, 2004 primarily consisted of
 404,000 of accrued annual management fees and advances payable to the General
Partner and/or its affiliates. (See "Future Contractual Cash Obligations" below)

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2007 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006 The
Partnership's net loss for the year ended March 31, 2007 was (846,000),
reflecting an decrease of 35,000 from the net loss experienced for the year
ended March 31, 2006 of (881,000). The decrease in net loss in due to a
decrease in the equity in losses from Local Limited Partnership of 181,000 due
to the fact that as of March 31, 2007 the Partnership had remaining investment
balances in only two Local Limited Partnership's compared to six remaining
investment balances as of March 31, 2006. Since the Partnership's liability with
respect to its investments is limited, losses in excess of investment are not
recognized. The decrease in the equity in losses from Local Limited Partnership
is off set by an increase in loss from operations of (146,000). The change in
loss from operations is due to a (175,000) increase in impairment loss. The
impairment loss can vary each year depending on the annual decrease in Low
Income Housing Tax Credits allocated to the fund and the current estimated
residual value of the investments compared to the current carrying value of each
of the investments. There was a decrease of 25,000 in bad debt expense to
 15,000 for the year ended March 31, 2007 from 40,000 for the year ended March
31, 2006. This was due to the Partnership advancing 40,000 to a Local Limited
Partnership during the year ended March 31, 2006 and fully reserving the advance
compared to only 15,000 having to be advanced and reserved in full for the year
ended March 31, 2007. The accounting and legal expense increased by 17,000 for
the year ended March 31, 2007 compared to the year ended March 31, 2006, due to
a timing issue of the accounting work being performed. Due to a majority of the
accounting work being performed during the year ended March 31, 2008, the
Partnership expects a large increase for the year ended March 31, 2008. The
other expenses decreased by 3,000 while amortization decreased by 9,000. The
decrease in amortization is due to the fact that when a Local Limited
Partnership's investment balance reaches zero the acquisition costs and fees
associated with that investment are expensed. Distribution income increased by
 9,000 for the year ended March 31, 2007 compared to the year ended March 31,
2006 which was offset by the reporting fees decreasing by (1,000) for the year
ended March 31, 2007. Distribution and reporting fee income fluctuate from year
to year due to the fact that Local Limited Partnerships pay those fees to the
Partnership when the Local Limited Partnership's cash flow will allow for the
payment.

34

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005 The Partnerships
net loss for the year ended March 31, 2006 was (881,000), reflecting a decrease
of 1,285,000 from the net loss experienced for the year ended March 31, 2005 of
 (2,166,000). That decrease was largely due to a decrease in loss from
operations of 1,280,000. The change in loss from operations was primarily due
to a 1,285,000 decrease in impairment loss. The impairment loss can vary each
year depending on the annual decrease in tax credits allocated to the fund and
the current estimated residual value of the investments compared to the current
carrying value of each of the investments. There was an increase of (29,000) in
bad debt expense to 40,000 for the year ended March 31, 2006 from 11,000 for
the year ended March 31, 2005. This was due to the Partnership advancing 40,000
to a Local Limited Partnership during the year ended March 31, 2006 and fully
reserving the advance compared to only 11,000 having to be advanced and
reserved for in full for the year ended March 31, 2005. The accounting and legal
expense decreased by 18,000 for the year ended March 31, 2006 compared to the
year ended March 31, 2005, due to a timing issue of the accounting work being
performed. The other expenses increased by (2,000) and amortization expense
decreased by 3,000. The reporting fee income increased by 1,000 for the year
ended March 31, 2006 due to the fact that Local Limited Partnerships pay the
reporting fee to the Partnership when the Local Limited Partnership's cash flow
will allow for the payment. Distribution income also increased by 3,000 for the
year ended March 31, 2006 compared to the year ended March 31, 2005.
Additionally, equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships decreased by 6,000
due to the fact that as of March 31, 2006 the Partnership had remaining
investment balances in only six Local Limited Partnership's compared to nine
remaining investment balances as of March 31, 2005. Since the Partnership's
liability with respect to its investments is limited, losses in excess of
investment are not recognized.

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004 The Partnerships
net loss for the year ended March 31, 2005 was (2,166,000), reflecting an
increase of (674,000) from the net loss experienced for the year ended March
31, 2004 of (1,492,000). That increase was primarily due to an increase in loss
from operations of (650,000). The change in loss from operations was due to a
 (644,000) increase in impairment loss. The impairment loss can vary each year
depending on the annual decrease in tax credits allocated to the fund and the
current estimated residual value of the investments compared to the current
carrying value of each of the investments. The bad debt expense increased by
 (11,000) to (11,000) for the year ended March 31, 2005 from 0 for the year
ended March 31, 2004. This was due to the Partnership advancing 11,000 to a
Local Limited Partnership during the year ended March 31, 2005 and fully
reserving the advance compared to no advances having to be made during the year
ended March 31, 2004. The accounting and legal expense increased by (1,000) for
the year ended March 31, 2005 compared to the year ended March 31, 2004.
Additionally, amortization decreased by 6,000 due to the fact that when a Local
Limited Partnership's investment balance reaches zero the acquisition costs and
fees associated with that investment are expensed. Reporting fees also decreased
by (6,000). In addition to the increase in loss from operations, equity in
losses of Local Limited Partnership increased by (24,000) for the year ended
March 31, 2005. The equity in losses can vary each year depending on the
operations of each of the Local Limited Partnerships.

35

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2003 The Partnerships
net loss for the year ended March 31, 2004 was (1,492,000), reflecting an
increase of (854,000) from the net loss experienced for the year ended March
31, 2003 of (638,000). That decrease was primarily due to an increase in loss
from operations of (910,000). The change in loss from operations is primarily
due to a (917,000) increase in impairment loss. The Partnership changed the way
it evaluated impairment during the year ended March 31, 2004, by comparing tax
credits allocated to the fund and the current estimated residual value of the
investments compared to the current carrying value of each of the investments.
There was a decrease of 3,000 in bad debt expense from 3,000 for the year
ended March 31, 2003 to 0 for the year ended March 31, 2004. The accounting and
legal expense increased by (2,000) for the year ended March 31, 2004 compared
to the year ended March 31, 2003, due to a timing issue of the accounting work
being performed. Other expenses increased by (3,000) and reporting fees
increased by 7,000 for the year ended March 31, 2004 due to the fact that Local
Limited Partnerships pay the reporting fee to the Partnership when the Local
Limited Partnership's cash flow will allow for the payment. Distribution income
also increased by 1,000 for the year ended March 31, 2004. The increase in loss
from operations was offset by a decrease in the equity in losses of Local
Limited Partnerships of 56,000 the equity in losses can vary each year
depending on the operations of each of the Local Limited Partnerships.

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2003 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2002. The
Partnerships net loss for the year ended March 31, 2003 was (638,000),
reflecting a decrease of 331,000 from the net loss experienced for the year
ended March 31, 2002 of (969,000). The decrease in net loss is due to a
decrease in the equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships of 188,000 along
with a decrease in loss from operations of 145,000. The decrease in loss from
operations was primarily due to a 162,000 decrease in bad debt expense offset
by an increase of (17,000) in accounting and legal fees and a decrease of
 2,000 in other expenses. The remaining decrease was due to a decrease of
 (2,000) in reporting fees and a decrease of 2,000 in interest income.

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2007 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006. The net cash
provided during the year ended March 31, 2007 was 3,000 compared to net cash
provided of 1,000 for the year ended March 31, 2006. The net change of 2,000
was due to net cash being provided by (used in) operating activities increasing
from 3,000 for the year ended March 31, 2007 compared to (11,000) for the year
ended March 31, 2006. This was offset by the decrease in net cash provided by
investing activities of 12,000 for the year ended March 31, 2006 compared to 0
for the year ended March 31, 2007. For the year ended March 31, 2007 the
Partnership paid the General Partner and affiliates approximately 69,000 for
asset management fees and reimbursement for expenses paid on behalf of the
Partnership compared to 74,000 paid for the year ended March 31, 2006, which is
a 5,000 decrease in cash used.

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2006 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005. The net
increase in cash during the year ended March 31, 2006 was 1,000 compared to a
net increase in cash for the year ended March 31, 2005 of 7,000. The net change
of (6,000) was primarily due to net cash used in operating activities
increasing from (5,000) for the year ended March 31, 2005 to (11,000) for the
year ended March 31, 2006. For the year ended March 31, 2006 the Partnership
paid the General Partner and affiliates approximately 74,000 for asset
management fees and reimbursement for expenses paid on behalf of the Partnership
compared to 72,000 paid for the year ended March 31, 2005, which is a (2,000)
increase in cash used.

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2005 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004. The net
increase in cash during the year ended March 31, 2005 was 7,000 compared to a
net decrease in cash for the year ended March 31, 2004 of (7,000). The net
change of 14,000 was primarily due to net cash being used in operating
activities decreasing from (20,000) for the year ended March 31, 2005 to
 (20,000) for the year ended March 31, 2004. For the year ended March 31, 2005
the Partnership paid the General Partner and affiliates approximately 72,000
for asset management fees and reimbursement for expenses paid on behalf of the
Partnership compared to 45,000 paid for the year ended March 31, 2004, which is
a 27,000 decrease in cash used.

36

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2004 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2003. The net
decrease in cash during the year ended March 31, 2004 was (7,000) compared to a
net decrease in cash for the year ended March 31, 2003 of (16,000). This
decrease of 9,000 was due to a decrease in cash used in operating activities of
 9,000. For the year ended March 31, 2004 the Partnership paid the General
Partner and affiliates approximately 45,000 for asset management fees and
reimbursement for expenses paid on behalf of the Partnership compared to 43,000
paid for the year ended March 31, 2003, resulting in a net difference of 2,000
more cash used during March 31, 2004. The accrued fees and expenses due to
General Partner and affiliate also increased by 45,000 for the year ended March
31, 2004,

YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2003 COMPARED TO YEAR ENDED MARCH 31, 2002. The net
decrease in cash during the year ended March 31, 2003 was (16,000), compared to
a net decrease in cash for the year ended March 31, 2002 of (52,000). This
change of 36,000 was due to a decrease in cash used in operating activities of
 23,000. For the year ended March 31, 2003 the Partnership paid the General
Partner and affiliates approximately 43,000 for asset management fees and
reimbursement for expenses paid on behalf of the Partnership compared to
 209,000 paid for the year ended March 31, 2002, resulting in a net difference
of 166,000 more cash used during March 31, 2003. The accrued fees and expenses
due to General Partner and affiliate also increased by 43,000 for the year
ended March 31, 2003.

The Partnership currently has insufficient working capital to fund its
operations. Associates has agreed to continue providing advances sufficient
enough to fund the operations and working capital requirements of the
Partnership through March 31, 2009.

37

FUTURE CONTRACTUAL CASH OBLIGATIONS

The following table summarizes the Partnership's future contractual cash
obligations as of March 31, 2007:

2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 THEREAFTER TOTAL
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- -----------
 
Asset management fees(1) 410,284 42,000 42,000 42,000 42,000 1,596,000 2,174,284
Capital Contributions
 payable to Local Limited
 Partnerships - - - - - - -
 ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- ---------- -----------
Total contractual cash
 obligations 410,284 42,000 42,000 42,000 42,000 1,596,000 2,174,284
 ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ========== ===========

(1) Asset management fees are payable annually until termination of the
 Partnership, which is to occur no later than 2050. The estimate of the fees
 payable included herein assumes the retention of the Partnership's interest
 in all Housing Complexes until 2050. Amounts due to the General Partner as
 of March 31, 2007 have been included in the 2008 column. The General
 Partner does not anticipate that these fees will be paid until such time as
 capital reserves are in excess of the aggregate of the existing contractual
 obligations and the anticipated future foreseeable obligations of the
 Partnership.

For additional information regarding our asset management fees, see Notes 2 and
3 to the financial statements included elsewhere herein.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

The Partnership has no off-balance sheet arrangements.

EXIT STRATEGY

See Item 1 for information in this regard.

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOVE MARKET RISK

NOT APPLICABLE

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA

 38

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Partners
WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund IV, L.P., Series 2

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of WNC Housing Tax Credit
Fund IV, L.P., Series 2 (a California Limited Partnership) (the Partnership) as
of March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004, and the related statements of
operations, partners' equity (deficit) and cash flows for each of the years in
the four-year period then ended. These financial statements are the
responsibility of the Partnership's management. Our responsibility is to express
an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.

 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the
financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Partnership has
determined that it is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an
audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal controls over financial reporting as a basis for
designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Partnership's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express
no such opinion. An audit includes examining, on a test basis, evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit
also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

 In our opinion, based on our audits, the financial statements referred to
above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of WNC
Housing Tax Credit Fund IV, L.P., Series 2 (a California Limited Partnership) as
of March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004, and the results of its operations and
its cash flows for each of the years in the four-year period then ended in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.

 Our audits were conducted for the purpose of forming an opinion on the
basic financial statements taken as a whole. The schedules listed under Item
15(a)(2) in the index related to the years above are presented for the purpose
of complying with the Securities and Exchange Commission's rules and are not
part of the basic financial statements. These schedules have been subjected to
the auditing procedures applied to the audits of the basic financial statements
and, in our opinion, fairly state in all material respects the financial
statement data required to be set forth therein in relation to the basic
financial statements taken as a whole.

/s/ Reznick Group, P.C.
- -----------------------

Bethesda, Maryland
March 17, 2008

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Partners
WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund IV, L.P., Series 2
Irvine, California

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund
IV, L.P., Series 2 (a California Limited Partnership) (the "Partnership") as of
March 31, 2003, and the related statements of operations, partners' equity
(deficit) and cash flows for the years ended March 31, 2003 and 2002. These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Partnership's management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on
our audits. A significant portion of the financial statements of the limited
partnerships in which the Partnership is a limited partner were audited by other
auditors whose reports have been furnished to us. As discussed in Note 1 to the
financial statements, the Partnership accounts for its investments in limited
partnerships using the equity method. The portion of the Partnership's
investments in limited partnerships audited by other auditors represented 85 of
the total assets of the Partnership at March 31, 2003, and 76 and 76 of the
Partnership's equity in losses of limited partnerships for the years ended March
31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Our opinion, insofar as it relates to the
amounts included in the financial statements for the limited partnerships which
were audited by others, is based solely on the reports of the other auditors.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. The Partnership is not required to
have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over
financial reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over
financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Partnership's internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit also
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits and the
reports of the other auditors provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, based on our audits and the reports of other auditors, the
financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects,
the financial position of WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund IV, L.P., Series 2 (a
California Limited Partnership) as of March 31, 2003, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the years ended March 31, 2003 and
2002, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America.

The Partnership currently has insufficient working capital to fund its
operations. WNC and Associates, Inc., the general partner of the General Partner
of the Partnership, has agreed to provide advances sufficient enough to fund the
operations and working capital requirements of the Partnership through March 31,
2004.

/s/ BDO Seidman, LLP
- ---------------------

Costa Mesa, California

June 3, 2003

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 BALANCE SHEETS

MARCH 31,
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
 
ASSETS

Cash 20,085 16,967 15,735 8,710 16,162
Investments in Local Limited Partnerships,
 net (Notes 2 and 3) 970,319 1,750,403 2,557,672 4,658,703 6,098,332
Other assets - - 998 998 998
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

 Total Assets 990,404 1,767,370 2,574,405 4,668,411 6,115,492
 ============ ============ ============ ============ ============

LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

Liabilities:
 Accrued fees and advances due to General
 Partner and affiliate (Note 3) 618,403 549,571 475,883 403,826 359,174
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

 Total Liabilities 618,403 549,571 475,883 403,826 359,174
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

Partners' equity (deficit)
 General Partner (148,592) (140,134) (131,327) (109,666) (94,749)
 Limited Partners (20,000 Partnership
 Units authorized; 15,600 Partnership
 Units issued and outstanding) 520,593 1,357,933 2,229,849 4,374,251 5,851,067
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

 Total Partners' Equity 372,001 1,217,799 2,098,522 4,264,585 5,756,318
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

 Total Liabilities and Partners' Equity 990,404 1,767,370 2,574,405 4,668,411 6,115,492
 ============ ============ ============ ============ ============

See accompanying notes to financial statements

 39

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31,
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

Reporting fees 6,000 6,892 5,900 11,334 4,000 5,800
Distribution Income 12,250 3,231 - 490 - -
Miscellaneous Income - - - 20 - -
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

 Total income 18,250 10,123 5,900 11,844 4,000 5,800
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

Operating expenses:
 Amortization (Notes 2 and 3) 19,702 28,745 31,535 37,688 37,688 37,932
 Asset management fees (Note 3) 44,000 44,000 44,000 44,000 44,000 44,000
 Impairment (Note 2) 450,003 275,383 1,560,537 916,713 - -
 Accounting and legal fees 19,548 2,870 21,025 20,215 18,796 1,527
 Write-off of bad debt (Note 2) 15,193 40,156 11,171 - 3,000 165,000
 Other 5,285 8,844 7,032 12,243 9,194 11,137
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
 Total operating expenses 553,731 399,998 1,675,300 1,030,859 112,678 259,596
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

Loss from operations (535,481) (389,875) (1,669,400) (1,019,015) (108,678) (253,796)

Equity in losses of Local Limited
 Partnerships (Note 2) (310,379) (490,890) (496,709) (472,828) (529,118) (716,788)

Interest income 62 42 46 110 384 2,083
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

Net loss (845,798) (880,723) (2,166,063) (1,491,733) (637,412) (968,501)
 ============ ============ ============ ============ ============ ============

Net loss allocated to:
 General Partner (8,458) (8,807) (21,661) (14,917) (6,374) (9,685)
 ============ ============ ============ ============ ============ ============
 Limited Partners (837,340) (871,916) (2,144,402) (1,476,816) (631,038) (958,816)
 ============ ============ ============ ============ ============ ============

Net loss per Partnership Unit (53.68) (55.89) (137.46) (94.67) (40.45) (61.46)
 ============ ============ ============ ============ ============ ============

Outstanding weighted Partnership Units 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600 15,600
 ============ ============ ============ ============ ============ ============

See accompanying notes to financial statements

 40

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT)

 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

GENERAL LIMITED
 PARTNER PARTNERS TOTAL
 --------------- -------------- ---------------

Partners' equity (deficit) at March 31, 2001 (78,690) 7,440,921 7,362,231

Net loss (9,685) (958,816) (968,501)
 --------------- -------------- ---------------

Partners' equity (deficit) at March 31, 2002 (88,375) 6,482,105 6,393,730

Net loss (6,374) (631,038) (637,412)
 --------------- -------------- ---------------

Partners' equity (deficit) at March 31, 2003 (94,749) 5,851,067 5,756,318

Net loss (14,917) (1,476,816) (1,491,733)
 --------------- -------------- ---------------

Partners' equity (deficit) at March 31, 2004 (109,666) 4,374,251 4,264,585

Net loss (21,661) (2,144,402) (2,166,063)
 --------------- -------------- ---------------

Partners' equity (deficit) at March 31, 2005 (131,327) 2,229,849 2,098,522

Net loss (8,807) (871,916) (880,723)
 --------------- -------------- ---------------
 (140,134) 1,357,933 1,217,799
Partners' equity (deficit) at March 31, 2006

Net loss (8,458) (837,340) (845,798)
 --------------- -------------- ---------------

Partners' equity (deficit) at March 31, 2007 (148,592) 520,593 372,001
 =============== ============== ===============

See accompanying notes to financial statements

 41

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED
 MARCH 31,
 --------------------------------------------

 2007 2006 2005
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net loss (845,798) (880,723) (2,166,063)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 provided by (used in) operating activities:
 Amortization 19,702 28,745 31,535
 Impairment loss 450,003 275,383 1,560,537
 Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships 310,379 490,890 496,709
 Change in other assets - 998 -
 Advances made to Local Limited Partnership's (15,193) (40,156) (11,171)
 Write off of advances made to Local Limited
 Partnership's 15,193 40,156 11,171
 Change in accrued fees and expenses due to
 General Partner and affiliates 68,832 73,688 72,057
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 3,118 (11,019) (5,225)
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Cash flows from investing activities:
 Distributions from Local Limited Partnerships - 12,251 12,250
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Net cash provided by investing activities - 12,251 12,250
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Net increase in cash 3,118 1,232 7,025

Cash, beginning of year 16,967 15,735 8,710
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Cash, end of year 20,085 16,967 15,735
 ============ ============ ============

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION
 Taxes paid 800 800 800
 ============ ============ ============

See accompanying notes to financial statements

 42

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

FOR THE YEARS ENDED
 MARCH 31,
 --------------------------------------------

 2004 2003 2002
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Cash flows from operating activities:
 Net loss (1,491,733) (637,412) (968,501)
 Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
 used in operating activities:
 Amortization 37,688 37,688 37,932
 Impairment loss 916,713 - -
 Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships 472,828 529,118 716,788
 Change in other assets - 3,000 (3,000)
 Change in accrued expenses - (4,000) (44,569)
 Change in accrued fees and expenses due to
 General Partner and affiliates 44,652 42,601 209,295
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Net cash used in operating activities (19,852) (29,005) (52,055)
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Cash flows from investing activities:
 Distributions from Local Limited Partnerships 12,400 12,825 250
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Net cash provided by investing activities 12,400 12,825 250
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Net decrease in cash (7,452) (16,180) (51,805)

Cash, beginning of year 16,162 32,342 84,147
 ------------ ------------ ------------

Cash, end of year 8,710 16,162 32,342
 ============ ============ ============

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION

 Taxes paid 800 800 800
 ============ ============ ============

See accompanying notes to financial statements

 43

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
- --------------------------------------------------------------------

Organization

WNC Housing Tax Credit Fund IV, L.P., Series 2 (the "Partnership") is a
California limited partnership formed under the laws of the State of California
on September 27, 1993. The Partnership was formed to acquire limited partnership
interests in other limited partnerships ("Local Limited Partnerships") which
owns multi-family housing complexes ("Housing Complexes") that are eligible for
Federal low income housing tax credits ("Low Income Housing Tax Credits"). The
local general partners (the "Local General Partners") of each Local Limited
Partnership retain responsibility for maintaining, operating and managing the
Housing Complex. Each Local Limited Partnership is governed by its agreement of
limited partnership (the "Local Limited Partnership Agreement").

The general partner of the Partnership is WNC Tax Credit Partners IV, L.P. (the
"General Partner"). The general partner of the General Partner is WNC &
Associates, Inc. ("Associates"). The chairman and president of Associates own
substantially all of the outstanding stock of Associates. The business of the
Partnership is conducted primarily through the General Partner, as the
Partnership has no employees of its own.

The Partnership shall continue in full force and effect until December 31, 2050,
unless terminated prior to that date, pursuant to the Partnership Agreement or
law.

The financial statements include only activity relating to the business of the
Partnership, and do not give effect to any assets that the partners may have
outside of their interests in the Partnership, or to any obligations, including
income taxes, of the partners.

The Partnership Agreement authorized the sale of 20,000 Units of limited
partnership interest ("Partnership Units") at 1,000 per Partnership Unit. The
offering of Partnership Units concluded in July 1995 at which time 15,600
Partnership Units representing subscriptions, net of discounts for volume
purchases of more than 100 units, in the amount of 15,241,000 had been
accepted. The General Partner has a 1 interest in operating profits and losses,
taxable income and losses, cash available for distribution from the Partnership
and tax credits. The investors (the "Limited Partners") will be allocated the
remaining 99 of these items in proportion to their respective investments.

The proceeds from the disposition of any of the Housing Complexes will be used
first to pay debts and other obligations per the respective Local Limited
Partnership Agreement. Any remaining proceeds will then be paid to the partners
of the Local Limited Partnership, including the Partnership, in accordance with
the terms of the particular Local Limited Partnership Agreement. The sale of a
Housing Complex may be subject to other restrictions and obligations.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that a Local Limited Partnership will be
able to sell its Housing Complex. Even if it does so, there can be no assurance
that any significant amounts of cash will be distributed to the Partnership.
Should such distributions occur, the Limited Partners will be entitled to
receive distributions from the proceeds remaining after payment of Partnership
obligations and funding reserves, equal to their capital contributions and their
return on investment (as defined in the Partnership Agreement). The General
Partners would then be entitled to receive proceeds equal to their capital
contributions from the remainder. Any additional sale or refinancing proceeds
will be distributed 90 to the Limited Partners (in proportion to their
respective investments) and 10 to the General Partner.

Risks and Uncertainties
- -----------------------

An investment in the Partnership and the Partnership's investments in Local
Limited Partnerships and their Housing Complexes are subject to risks. These
risks may impact the tax benefits of an investment in the Partnership, and the
amount of proceeds available for distribution to the Limited Partners, if any,
on liquidation of the Partnership's investments. Some of those risks include the
following:

 44

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The Low Income Housing Tax Credits rules are extremely complicated.
Noncompliance with these rules results in the loss of future Low Income Housing
Tax Credits and the fractional recapture of Low Income Housing Tax Credits
already taken. In most cases the annual amount of Low Income Housing Tax Credits
that an individual can use is limited to the tax liability due on the person's
last 25,000 of taxable income. The Local Limited Partnerships may be unable to
sell the Housing Complexes at a price which would result in the Partnership
realizing cash distributions or proceeds from the transaction. Accordingly, the
Partnership may be unable to distribute any cash to its Limited Partners. Low
Income Housing Tax Credits may be the only benefit from an investment in the
Partnership.

The Partnership has invested in a limited number of Local Limited Partnerships.
Such limited diversity means that the results of operation of each single
Housing Complex will have a greater impact on the Partnership. With limited
diversity, poor performance of one Housing Complex could impair the
Partnership's ability to satisfy its investment objectives. Each Housing Complex
is subject to mortgage indebtedness. If a Local Limited Partnership failed to
pay its mortgage, it could lose its Housing Complex in foreclosure. If
foreclosure were to occur during the first 15 years, the loss of any remaining
future Low Income Housing Tax Credits, a fractional recapture of prior Low
Income Housing Tax Credits, and a loss of the Partnership's investment in the
Housing Complex would occur. The Partnership is a limited partner or
non-managing member of each Local Limited Partnership. Accordingly, the
Partnership will have very limited rights with respect to management of the
Local Limited Partnerships. The Partnership will rely totally on the Local
General Partners. Neither the Partnership's investments in Local Limited
Partnerships, nor the Local Limited Partnerships' investments in Housing
Complexes, are readily marketable. To the extent the Housing Complexes receive
government financing or operating subsidies, they may be subject to one or more
of the following risks: difficulties in obtaining tenants for the Housing
Complexes; difficulties in obtaining rent increases; limitations on cash
distributions; limitations on sales or refinancing of Housing Complexes;
limitations on transfers of interests in Local Limited Partnerships; limitations
on removal of Local General Partners; limitations on subsidy programs; and
possible changes in applicable regulations. Uninsured casualties could result in
loss of property and Low Income Housing Tax Credits and recapture of Low Income
Housing Tax Credits previously taken. The value of real estate is subject to
risks from fluctuating economic conditions, including employment rates,
inflation, tax, environmental, land use and zoning policies, supply and demand
of similar properties, and neighborhood conditions, among others.

The ability of Limited Partners to claim tax losses from the Partnership is
limited. The IRS may audit the Partnership or a Local Limited Partnership and
challenge the tax treatment of tax items. The amount of Low Income Housing Tax
Credits and tax losses allocable to the Limited Partners could be reduced if the
IRS were successful in such a challenge. The alternative minimum tax could
reduce tax benefits from an investment in the Partnership. Changes in tax laws
could also impact the tax benefits from an investment in the Partnership and/or
the value of the Housing Complexes.

No trading market for the Partnership Units exists or is expected to develop.
Limited Partners may be unable to sell their Partnership Units except at a
discount and should consider their Partnership Units to be a long-term
investment. Individual Limited Partners will have no recourse if they disagree
with actions authorized by a vote of the majority of Limited Partners.

 45

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Exit Strategy
- -------------

The IRS Compliance Period for a Housing Complex is generally 15 years following
construction or rehabilitation completion. Associates was one of the first in
the industry to offer syndicated investments in Low Income Housing Tax Credits.
The initial programs are completing their compliance periods.

With that in mind, the General Partner is continuing its review of the Housing
Complexes, with special emphasis on the more mature Housing Complexes such as
any that have satisfied the IRS compliance requirements. The review considers
many factors, including extended use requirements (such as those due to mortgage
restrictions or state compliance agreements), the condition of the Housing
Complexes, and the tax consequences to the Limited Partners from the sale of the
Housing Complexes.

Upon identifying those Housing Complexes with the highest potential for a
successful sale, refinancing or syndication, the Partnership expects to proceed
with efforts to liquidate them. The objective is to maximize the Limited
Partners' return wherever possible and, ultimately, to wind down the
Partnership. Local Limited Partnership Interests may be disposed of any time by
the General Partner in its discretion. While liquidation of the Housing
Complexes continues to be evaluated, the dissolution of the Partnership was not
imminent as of March 31, 2007. As of March 31, 2007 none of the Housing
Complexes had completed the 15 year compliance period.

During the year ended March, 31, 2007 the partnership sold the Housing Complex
of one Local Limited Partnership, EW, a Wisconsin Limited Partnership ("EW") and
the Local Limited Partnership was subsequently dissolved. EW had not completed
its 15-year compliance period. The Partnership did not purchase a surety bond
since the cost of the bond was equal to the amount of credits at risk for
recapture. The Partnership retained a cash balance to cover any recapture. The
Housing Complex was sold for the same amount as the outstanding mortgage owing.
The net investment balance in this Local Limited Partnership was zero, since
there was no distribution of cash there was no gain or loss for the Partnership.
The disposition was due to this Local Limited Partnership experiencing
operational and cash flow issues. As of March 31, 2007 the Partnership had
advanced approximately 57,500 to this Local Limited Partnership which was not
recovered and the advances were reserved.

Subsequent to year ended March 31, 2007 one additional Housing Complex had been
selected for disposition (Crossing II Limited Dividend Housing Association LP
("Crossings II")) This Local Limited Partnership started to experience
operational issues during the year ended March 31, 2005 and continues to have
operation issues. The low occupancy was the primary reason for the properties
cash flow issues. The Partnership received all of the Low Income Housing Tax
Credits from Crossings II. The final credits were taken in 2007. The Local
Limited Partnership's General Partner is looking to purchase the Partnership's
limited partnership interest in Crossings II. The General Partner is going to
post the surety bond to protect the Partnership from recapture. The anticipated
closing date of this transaction is April of 2008.

Method of Accounting For Investments in Local Limited Partnerships
- ------------------------------------------------------------------

The Partnership accounts for its investments in Local Limited Partnerships using
the equity method of accounting, whereby the Partnership adjusts its investment
balance for its share of the Local Limited Partnerships' results of operations
and for any contributions made and distributions received. The Partnership
reviews the carrying amount of an individual investment in a Local Limited
Partnership for possible impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount of such investment may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of such investment is measured by the estimated value derived by
management, generally consisting of the sum of the remaining future Low Income
Housing Tax Credits estimated to be allocable to the Partnership and the
estimated residual value to the Partnership. If an investment is considered to
be impaired, the Partnership reduces the carrying value of its investment in any
such Local Limited Partnership. The accounting policies of the Local Limited

 46

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Partnerships, generally, are expected to be consistent with those of the
Partnership. Costs incurred by the Partnership in acquiring the investments are
capitalized as part of the investment account and are being amortized over 30
years. (See Notes 2 and 3)

"Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships" for each year ended March 31
has been recorded by the Partnership based on nine months of reported results
provided by the Local Limited Partnerships for each year ended December 31 and
on three months of results estimated by management of the Partnership.
Management's estimate for the three-month period is based on either actual
unaudited results reported by the Local Limited Partnerships or historical
trends in the operations of the Local Limited Partnerships. In subsequent annual
financial statements, upon receiving the actual annual results reported by the
Local Limited Partnerships, management reverses its prior estimate and records
the actual results reported by the Local Limited Partnership. Equity in losses
from the Local Limited Partnerships allocated to the Partnership are not
recognized to the extent that the investment balance would be adjusted below
zero. As soon as the investment balance reaches zero, amortization of the
related costs of acquiring the investment are impaired (see Note 3). If the
Local Limited Partnerships report net income in future years, the Partnership
will resume applying the equity method only after its share of such net income
equals the share of net losses not recognized during the period(s) the equity
method was suspended.

The Partnership does not consolidate the accounts and activities of the Local
Limited Partnerships which are considered Variable Interest Entities under
Financial Accounting Standards Board Interpretation No. 46-Revised,
"Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities", because the Partnership is not
considered the primary beneficiary. The Partnership's balance in Investments in
Local Limited Partnerships, plus the risk of recapture of Low Income Housing Tax
Credits previously recognized on such investments, represents the maximum
exposure to loss in connection with such investments. The Partnership's exposure
to loss on the Local Limited Partnerships is mitigated by the condition and
financial performance of the underlying Housing Complexes as well as the
strength of the Local General Partners and their guarantees against Low Income
Housing Tax Credit recapture.

Distributions received from the Local Limited Partners are accounted for as a
reduction of the investment balance. Distributions received after the investment
has reached zero are recognized as distribution income. As of March 31, 2007,
nineteen investment accounts in Local Limited Partnerships had reached zero.

Use of Estimates
- ----------------

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. Actual results could materially differ from those
estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents
- -------------------------

The Partnership considers all highly liquid investments with original maturities
of three months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents. For all periods
presented, the Partnership had no cash equivalents.

Reporting Comprehensive Income
- ------------------------------

The Statement of Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 130, Reporting
Comprehensive Income established standards for the reporting and display of
comprehensive income (loss)and its components in a full set of general-purpose
financial statements. The Partnership had no items of other comprehensive income
for all periods preented, as defined by SFAS 130.

47

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 1 - ORGANIZATION AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES, CONTINUED
- -------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Net Loss Per Partnership Unit
- -----------------------------

Net loss per Partnership Unit is calculated pursuant to STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NO. 128, EARNINGS PER SHARE. Net loss per Partnership Unit
includes no dilution and is computed by dividing loss allocated to Limited
Partners by the weighted average Partnership Units outstanding during the
period. Calculation of diluted net loss per Partnership Unit is not required.

Income Taxes
- ------------

No provision for income taxes has been recorded in the financial statements as
any liabilities and or benefits from income taxes flow to the partners of the
Partnership and are their obligations and/or benefits. For income tax purposes,
the Partnership reports on a calendar year basis.

Revenue Recognition
- -------------------

The Partnership is entitled to receive reporting fees from the Local Limited
Partnerships. The intent of the reporting fees is to offset (in part)
administrative costs incurred by the Partnership in corresponding with the Local
Limited Partnerships. Due to the uncertainty of the collection of these fees,
the Partnership recognizes reporting fees as collections are made.

Reclassifications
- -----------------

Certain reclassifications have been made to the 2003 and 2002 financial
statements to be consistent with the 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004 presentation.

Amortization
- ------------

Acquisition fees and costs are being amortized over 30 years using the
straight-line method. Amortization expense for the year ended March 31, 2007,
2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002 was 19,702, 28,745, 31,535, 37,688, 37,688
and 37,932 respectively.

Impairment
- ----------

Effective from the year ended March 31, 2004, loss in value of an investment in
a Local Limited Partnership other than a temporary decline is recorded as an
impairment loss. Impairment is measured by comparing the investment's carrying
amount to the sum of the total amount of the remaining future Low Income Housing
Tax Credits estimated to be allocated to the Partnership and the estimated
residual value to the Partnership. For the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006,
2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002 impairment expense related to investments in Local
Limited Partnerships was 450,003, 275,383, 1,560,537, 916,713, 0,and 0,
respectively.

When the value of the Partnership's investment in a Local Limited Partnership
has been reduced to zero, the respective net acquisition fees and costs
component of investments in Local Limited Partnerships are impaired. For each of
the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002 impairment
expense related to acquisition fees and costs was 151,435, 176,997, 34,766,
 26,849, 47,638, and 59,051, respectively.

48

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
- --------------------------------------------------

As of March 31, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003, the Partnership had acquired Limited
Partnership interests in twenty-two Local Limited Partnerships, each of which
owns one Housing Complex consisting of an aggregate of 892 apartment units. As
the Housing Complex of one Local Limited Partnership, EW Limited Partnership,
was sold during the year ended March 31, 2007. The Partnership had Limited
Partnership interest in twenty-one Local Limited Partnership's each owning one
Housing Complex consisting of an aggregate of 876 apartment units at March 31,
2007. The respective Local General Partners of the Local Limited Partnerships
manage the day-to-day operations of the entities. Significant Local Limited
Partnership business decisions require approval from the Partnership. The
Partnership, as a limited partner is entitled to 96 to 99 , as specified in the
Local Limited Partnership agreements, of the operating profits and losses,
taxable income and losses and Low Income Housing Tax Credits of the Local
Limited Partnerships.

The Partnership's Investments in Local Limited Partnerships as shown in the
balance sheets at March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003 are approximately
 (751,000), (756,000), (761,000), 442,000, and 720,000, respectively,
greater than (less than) the Partnership's equity at the preceding December 31
as shown in the Local Limited Partnerships' combined condensed financial
statements presented below. This difference is primarily due to acquisition,
selection, and other costs related to the acquisition of the investments which
have been capitalized in the Partnership's investment account, impairment losses
recorded in the Partnership's investment account and capital contributions
payable to the Local Limited Partnerships which were netted against partner
capital in the Local Limited Partnership's financial statements. The
Partnership's Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships is also lower than
the Partnership's equity as shown in the Local Limited Partnership's combined
condensed financial statements due to the estimated losses recorded by the
Partnership for the three month period ended March 31.

A loss in value from a Local Limited Partnership other than a temporary decline
would be recorded as an impairment loss. Impairment is measured by comparing the
investment carrying amount to the sum of the total amount of the remaining Low
Income Housing Tax Credits estimated to be allocated to the Partnership and the
estimated residual value to the Partnership. Accordingly, the Partnership
recorded impairment losses of 450,003, 275,383, 1,560,537, 916,713, 0, and
 0, during the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002,
respectively.

At March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002 the investment accounts in
certain Local Limited Partnerships have reached a zero balance. Consequently, a
portion of the Partnership's estimate of its share of losses for the years ended
March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002, amounting to approximately
 693,000, 545,000, 564,000, 656,000, 172,000 and 81,000 respectively, have
not been recognized. As of March 31, 2007, the aggregate share of net losses not
recognized by the Partnership amounted to 2,943,000.

The following is a summary of the equity method activity of the investments in
the Local Limited Partnerships for the periods presented:

FOR THE YEARS ENDED
 MARCH 31,
 -----------------------------------------------

 2007 2006 2005
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 
Investments per balance sheet, beginning
 of period 1,750,403 2,557,672 4,658,703
Impairment loss (450,003) (275,383) (1,560,537)
Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships (310,379) (490,890) (496,709)
Amortization of paid acquisition fees and
 costs (19,702) (28,745) (31,535)
Distributions received from Local Limited
 Partnerships - (12,251) (12,250)
 ------------- ------------- -------------

Investment per balance sheet, end of period 970,319 1,750,403 2,557,672
 ============= ============= =============

49

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS, CONTINUED
- -------------------------------------------------------------

FOR THE YEARS ENDED
 MARCH 31,
 -----------------------------------------------

 2004 2003 2002
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 
Investments per balance sheet, beginning
 of period 6,098,332 6,677,963 7,432,933
Impairment loss (916,713) - -
Equity in losses of Local Limited Partnerships (472,828) (529,118) (716,788)
Amortization of paid acquisition fees and
 costs (37,688) (37,688) (37,932)
Distributions received from Local Limited
 Partnerships (12,400) (12,825) (250)
 ------------- ------------- -------------

Investment per balance sheet, end of period 4,658,703 6,098,332 6,677,963
 ============= ============= =============

 FOR THE YEARS
 ENDED MARCH 31,
 -----------------------------------------------

 2007 2006 2005
 ------------- ------------- -------------

Investments in Local Limited Partnerships, net 748,006 1,356,953 1,958,480
Acquisition fees and costs, net of accumulated
amortization of 1,005,740, 834,603 and 628,861 222,313 393,450 599,192
 ------------- ------------- -------------
Investments per balance sheet, end of period 970,319 1,750,403 2,557,672
 ============= ============= =============

 FOR THE YEARS
 ENDED MARCH 31,
 -----------------------------------------------

 2004 2003 2002
 ------------- ------------- -------------

Investments in Local Limited Partnerships, net 3,993,210 5,368,302 5,862,607
Acquisition fees and costs, net of accumulated
amortization of 562,560, 498,023 and 412,697 665,493 730,030 815,356
 ------------- ------------- -------------
Investments per balance sheet, end of period 4,658,703 6,098,332 6,677,963
 ============= ============= =============

50

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS, CONTINUED
- -------------------------------------------------------------

The financial information from the individual financial statements of the Local
Limited Partnerships include rental and interest subsidies. Rental subsidies are
included in total revenues and interest subsidies are generally netted in
interest expense. Approximate combined condensed financial information from the
individual financial statements of the Local Limited Partnerships as of December
31 and for the years then ended is as follows:

COMBINED CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS

 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002
 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
 
ASSETS
BUILDINGS AND IMPROVEMENT (NET OF ACCUMULATED
 DEPRECIATION FOR 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003
 AND 2002 OF 14,340,000 13,479,000,
 12,293,000, 10,985,000, AND 9,656,000,
 RESPECTIVELY) 25,428,000 26,902,000 27,879,000 29,062,000 30,546,000
LAND 1,664,000 1,712,000 1,712,000 1,712,000 1,712,000
DUE FROM AFFILIATES 74,000 - - - 4,000
OTHER ASSETS 2,655,000 2,467,000 2,557,000 2,607,000 2,730,000
 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
 TOTAL ASSETS 29,821,000 31,081,000 32,148,000 33,381,000 34,992,000
 ============= ============= ============= ============= =============

LIABILITIES
MORTGAGE AND CONSTRUCTION LOANS PAYABLE 24,709,000 25,798,000 26,109,000 26,342,000 26,582,000
DUE TO AFFILIATES 1,185,000 677,000 577,000 472,000 962,000
OTHER LIABILITIES 1,283,000 1,115,000 1,042,000 975,000 1,223,000
 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------

 TOTAL LIABILITIES 27,177,000 27,590,000 27,728,000 27,789,000 28,767,000
 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
PARTNERS' CAPITAL
WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., 1,721,000 2,506,000 3,319,000 4,237,000 5,378,000
SERIES 2 923,000 985,000 1,101,000 1,355,000 847,000
OTHER PARTNERS ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
 TOTAL PARTNERS' EQUITY 2,644,000 3,491,000 4,420,000 5,592,000 6,225,000
 ------------- ------------- ------------- ------------- -------------
 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS'
 EQUITY 29,821,000 31,081,000 32,148,000 33,381,000 34,992,000
 ============= ============== ============== ============== ==============

51

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS, CONTINUED
- -------------------------------------------------------------

COMBINED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

 2006 2005 2004
 ------------- ------------- -------------
 
REVENUES 4,689,000 4,443,000 4,274,000
 ------------- ------------- -------------

EXPENSES:
 OPERATING EXPENSES 3,168,000 2,935,000 2,894,000
 INTEREST EXPENSE 1,077,000 1,080,000 1,076,000
 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION 1,306,000 1,299,000 1,322,000
 ------------- ------------- -------------

 TOTAL EXPENSES 5,551,000 5,314,000 5,292,000
 ------------- ------------- -------------

NET LOSS (862,000) (871,000) (1,018,000)
 ============= ============= =============

NET LOSS ALLOCABLE TO THE PARTNERSHIP (852,000) (861,000) (1,006,000)
 ============= ============= =============

NET LOSS RECORDED BY THE PARTNERSHIP (310,000) (491,000) (497,000)
 ============= ============= =============

52

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS, CONTINUED
- -------------------------------------------------------------

2003 2002 2001
 ------------- ------------- -------------

REVENUES 4,412,000 4,322,000 4,121,000
 ------------- ------------- -------------

EXPENSES:
 OPERATING EXPENSES 3,142,000 2,634,000 2,559,000
 INTEREST EXPENSE 1,111,000 1,151,000 1,100,000
 DEPRECIATION AND AMORTIZATION 1,340,000 1,337,000 1,347,000
 ------------- ------------- -------------

 TOTAL EXPENSES 5,593,000 5,122,000 5,006,000
 ------------- ------------- -------------

NET LOSS (1,181,000) (800,000) (885,000)
 ============= ============= =============

NET LOSS ALLOCABLE TO THE PARTNERSHIP,
 BEFORE EQUITY IN LOSSES OF COTTON MILL (1,168,000) (789,000) (874,000)
 ============= ============= =============

NET LOSS RECORDED BY THE PARTNERSHIP (473,000) (529,000) (717,000)
 ============= ============= =============

Certain Local Limited Partnerships have incurred significant operating losses
and/or have working capital deficiencies. In the event these Local Limited
Partnerships continue to incur significant operating losses, additional capital
contributions by the Partnership and/or the Local General Partner may be
required to sustain the operations of such Local Limited Partnerships. If
additional capital contributions are not made when they are required, the
Partnership's investment in certain of such Local Limited Partnerships could be
impaired, and the loss and recapture of the related Low Income Housing Tax
Credits could occur.

Through March 31, 2007, the Partnership advanced cash in the amount of 57,522
to one of the Local Limited Partnerships, EW a Wisconsin Limited Partnership,
("EW") in which it has a Limited Partnership interest. Of the 57,522 of
advances, 7,193, 39,158, 11,171 0 and 0 was written off during the years
ended March 31, 2007, 2006 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively. Advances were made
to augment the EW's cash flows which were not sufficient to keep the mortgage
payments of the property current. Such advances have been expensed in full in
the accompanying financial statements. Due to operations not improving, during
the fiscal year end March 31, 2007, the Partnership sold its interest in this
Local Limited Partnership. During the year ended March 31, 2007 the Partnership
advanced two other Local Limited Partnerships 8,000 which was determined to be
uncollectible and as such the full amount was reserved.

Troubled Housing Complexes
- --------------------------

One Local Limited Partnership, Crossing II Limited Dividend Housing Association
LP ("Crossings II") started to experience operational issues during the year
ended March 31, 2005. As interest rates were falling, this particular market saw
an increasing number of people purchasing first time homes, thereby, causing
high vacancy rates. This particular area of Michigan is experiencing an overall
low occupancy issue. The low occupancy was the primary reason for the
properties' cash flow issues. The Local General Partner continues to make
advances to the property to help fund its operations. The Partnership received
all the Low Income Housing Tax Credits from Crossings II. The final credits were
taken in 2007. The Local Limited Partnership's General Partner is looking to
purchase the Partnership's limited partnership interest in Crossings II. The
General Partner is going to post a surety bond to protect the Partnership from
tax credit recapture. The anticipated closing date of this transaction is April
of 2008.

 53

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 2 - INVESTMENTS IN LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS, CONTINUED
- -------------------------------------------------------------

The Partnership has two investments, consisting of 99 limited partnership
interests in each of Broken Bow Apartments I, Limited Partnership ("Broken Bow")
and Sidney Apartments I, Limited Partnership ("Sidney").

Due to operational difficulties and negative cash flows in 2000, foreclosure
procedures were commenced by the lender of these two Local Limited Partnerships.
As a result, the Partnerships , Broken Bow and Sidney, in addition to a WNC
subsidiary executed a work-out agreement with the lender (the "Agreement"),
which was effective December 14, 2001. Broken Bow was required to pay to the
lender 165,000 as a partial settlement of the indebtedness due and owed by
Broken Bow due to the fact that their loan was a construction loan. The
Partnership advanced the aforementioned monies to Broken Bow and fully reserved
the amount as of March 31, 2002. The balance of the indebtedness owed to the
lender by Broken Bow was satisfied by the execution of two promissory notes.
Simultaneously, the balance of the indebtedness owed to the lender by Sidney was
also satisfied by the execution of two promissory notes. The Partnership and a
WNC subsidiary had executed a guarantee for the payment of both notes of Broken
Bow and Sidney. In addition, several other commitments were made. Broken Bow and
Sidney had also executed a grant deed to the lender in the event that any of the
entities defaulted under the terms and provisions of the notes. The deeds were
held in escrow, and if Broken Bow or Sidney defaults on either note, the lender
may, at its option, record the respective deed. In addition, the Partnership had
under the promissory notes assigned the lender as additional collateral all of
its residual value interests, as defined, in all of the Local Limited
Partnerships. The Partnership and the Local Limited Partnerships were prohibited
from selling, assigning, transferring or further encumbering the Housing
Complexes retained by each Local Limited Partnership without the lenders
acknowledgement.

On March 24, 2006 Broken Bow and Sidney had the promissory notes refinanced and
as a result the Partnership and a WNC subsidiary were relieved of their
obligations as guarantors for these two Local Limited Partnerships. The
Partnership was also released of pledging additional collateral in the form of
its residual value interests.

 54

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 3 - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
- -----------------------------------

Under the terms of the Partnership Agreement, the Partnership has paid or is
obligated to the General Partner or its affiliates for the following items:

 Acquisition fees of up to 8 of the gross proceeds from the sale of
 Partnership Units as compensation for services rendered in connection with
 the acquisition of Local Limited Partnerships. As of all periods
 presented, the Partnership incurred acquisition fees of 1,058,950.
 Accumulated amortization was 836,637, 665,500, 543,429, 491,674, and
 435,590 as of March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

 Reimbursement of costs incurred by the General Partner or by an affiliate
 of Associates in connection with the acquisition of Local Limited
 Partnerships. These reimbursements have not exceeded 1.2 of the gross
 proceeds. As of all periods presented, the Partnership had incurred
 acquisition costs of 169,103 which have been included in Investments in
 Local Limited Partnerships. Accumulated amortization of these capitalized
 costs was 169,103, 169,103, 85,432, 70,886, and 62,443 as of March
 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003, respectively.

 An annual asset management fee equal to the greater amount of (i) 2,000
 for each apartment complex, or (ii) 0.275 of gross proceeds. In either
 case, the fee will be decreased or increased annually based on changes to
 the Consumer Price Index. However, in no event will the maximum amount
 exceed 0.2 of the invested assets of the Local Limited Partnerships,
 including the Partnership's allocable share of the mortgages, for the life
 of the Partnership. Management fees of 44,000 were incurred during each
 of the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002, of
 which 0, 0, 0, 0, 1,875, and 0 were paid for the years ended March
 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

 The Partnership reimbursed the General Partner or its affiliates for
 operating expenses incurred by the Partnership and paid for by the General
 Partner or its affiliates on behalf of the Partnership. Operating expense
 reimbursements were approximately 0, 0, 0, 31,786, 29,914, and
 38,642 during the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and
 2002, respectively.

 A subordinated disposition fee in an amount equal to 1 of the sales price
 of real estate sold. Payment of this fee is subordinated to the limited
 partners receiving a preferred return of 16 through December 31, 2003 and
 6 thereafter (as defined in the Partnership Agreement) and is payable
 only if the General Partner or its affiliates render services in the sales
 effort. No such fee was incurred for all periods presented.

The accrued fees and expenses due to the General Partner and affiliates consist
of the following at:

MARCH 31,
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
 
Asset management fee payable 368,284 324,284 280,284 236,284 192,284
Expenses paid by the General Partner or an affiliate
 on behalf of the Partnership 250,119 225,287 195,599 167,542 166,890
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------

 Total 618,403 549,571 475,883 403,826 359,174
 ============ ============ ============ ============ ============

The Partnership currently has insufficent working capital to fund its
operations. WNC and Associates, Inc., the general partner of the General Partner
of the Partnership, has agreed to provide advances sufficient enough to fund the
operations and working capital requirements of the Partnership through March 31,
2009.

 55

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 4 - QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED)
- ----------------------------------------------------

The following is a summary of the quarterly operations for the years ended March
31:

JUNE 30 SEPTEMBER 30 DECEMBER 31 MARCH 31
 -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
 2007
 ----
 
Income - 6,000 2,000 10,000

Operating expenses (468,000) (45,000) (24,000) (17,000)

Loss from operations (468,000) (39,000) (22,000) (7,000)

Equity in losses of Local Limited
 Partnerships (52,000) (54,000) (41,000) (163,000)

Interest income - - - -

Net loss (520,000) (93,000) (63,000) (170,000)

Net loss available to Limited
 Partners (515,000) (92,000) (62,000) (168,000)

Net loss per Partnership Unit (33) (6) (4) (11)

2006 JUNE 30 SEPTEMBER 30 DECEMBER 31 MARCH 31
 ---- ------------ -------------- -------------- --------------

Income - 9,000 1,000 -

Operating expenses (309,000) (24,000) (27,000) (40,000)

Loss from operations (309,000) (15,000) (26,000) (40,000)

Equity in losses of Local Limited
 Partnerships (103,000) (83,000) (94,000) (211,000)

Interest income - - - -

Net loss (412,000) (98,000) (120,000) (251,000)

Net loss available to Limited
 Partners (408,000) (97,000) (119,000) (248,000)

Net loss per Partnership Unit (26) (6) (8) (16)

 56

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 4 - QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED), CONTINUED
- ---------------------------------------------------------------

 JUNE 30 SEPTEMBER 30 DECEMBER 31 MARCH 31
 -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
 2005
 ----

Income 2,000 - 1,000 3,000

Operating expenses (1,587,000) (26,000) (27,000) (35,000)

Loss from operations (1,585,000) (26,000) (26,000) (32,000)

Equity in losses of Local Limited
 Partnerships (120,000) (120,000) (125,000) (132,000)

Interest income - - - -

Net loss (1,705,000) (146,000) (151,000) (164,000)

Net loss available to Limited
 Partners (1,688,000) (144,000) (149,000) (163,000)

Net loss per Partnership Unit (108) (9) (10) (10)

2004 JUNE 30 SEPTEMBER 30 DECEMBER 31 MARCH 31
 ---- -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------

Income 3,000 - - 9,000

Operating expenses (32,000) (37,000) (23,000) (939,000)

Loss from operations (29,000) (37,000) (23,000) (930,000)

Equity in losses of Local Limited
 Partnerships (120,000) (120,000) (120,000) (113,000)

Interest income - - - -

Net loss (149,000) (157,000) (143,000) (1,034,000)

Net loss available to Limited
 Partners (147,000) (155,000) (141,000) (1,034,000)

Net loss per Partnership Unit (9) (10) (9) (66)

57

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
 (A CALIFORNIA LIMITED PARTNERSHIP)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 FOR THE YEARS ENDED MARCH 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 AND 2002

NOTE 4 - QUARTERLY RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (UNAUDITED), CONTINUED
- ---------------------------------------------------------------

 JUNE 30 SEPTEMBER 30 DECEMBER 31 MARCH 31
 -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------
 2003
 ----

Income - - - 4,000

Operating expenses (28,000) (34,000) (24,000) (26,000)

Equity in losses of Local Limited
 Partnerships (138,000) (134,000) (133,000) (124,000)

Net loss (166,000) (168,000) (157,000) (146,000)

Net loss available to Limited
 Partners (165,000) (166,000) (155,000) (145,000)

Net loss per Partnership Unit (11) (11) (10) (8)

2002 JUNE 30 SEPTEMBER 30 DECEMBER 31 MARCH 31
 ---- -------------- -------------- -------------- --------------

Income - 1,000 - 6,000

Operating expenses (26,000) (28,000) (190,000) (16,000)

Equity in losses of Local Limited
 Partnerships (168,000) (200,000) (138,000) (211,000)

Net loss (194,000) (227,000) (328,000) (219,000)

Net loss available to Limited
 Partners (192,000) (225,000) (325,000) (217,000)

Net loss per Partnership Unit (12) (14) (21) (14)

NOTE 5 - SUBSEQUENT EVENT
- -------------------------

Subsequent to year ended March 31, 2007 one additional Housing Complex had been
selected for disposition (Crossing II Limited Dividend Housing Association LP
("Crossings II")) This Local Limited Partnership started to experience
operational issues during the year ended March 31, 2005 and continues to have
operation issues. The low occupancy was the primary reason for the properties
cash flow issues. The Partnership received all of the Low Income Housing Tax
Credits from Crossings II. The final credits were taken in 2007. The Local
Limited Partnership's General Partner is looking to purchase the Partnership's
limited partnership interest in Crossings II. The General Partner is going to
post the surety bond to protect the Partnership from recapture. The anticipated
closing date of this transaction is April of 2008.

 58

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE

NONE

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

(a) As of March 31 of each of the years 2007, 2006, 2005 and 2004, the
 Partnership's General Partner, under the supervision and with the
 participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of Associates, carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the
 Fund's "disclosure controls and procedures" as defined in Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934 Rule 13a-15 and 15d-15. Based on that evaluation, the
 Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of
 the end of each period covered by this report, the Partnership's
 disclosure controls and procedures were adequate and effective in timely
 alerting them to material information relating to the Partnership required
 to be included in the Partnership's periodic SEC filings.

(b) There were no changes in the Partnership's internal control over financial
 reporting that occurred during the periods ended March 31, 2007, 2006,
 2005, or 2004 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
 materially affect, the Partnership's internal control over financial
 reporting.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

NONE

PART III.

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS OF THE REGISTRANT

(a) Identification of Directors, (b) Identification of Executive Officers, (c)
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Identification of Certain Significant Employees, (d) Family Relationships,
 --------------------------------------------------------------------------
 and (e) Business Experience
 ---------------------------

Neither the General Partner nor the Partnership has directors, executives
officers or employees of its own. The business of the Partnership is conducted
primarily through Associates. Associates is a California corporation which was
organized in 1971. The following biographical information is presented for the
officers and employees of Associates with principal responsibility for the
Partnership's affairs.

Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr. Chairman
Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr. President and Chief Executive Officer
David N. Shafer, Esq. Executive Vice President
Michael J. Gaber Executive Vice President
Sylvester P. Garban Senior Vice President - Institutional Investments
Thomas J. Riha, CPA Senior Vice President - Chief Financial Officer
Thomas J. Hollingsworth Vice President - Asset Management
Gregory S. Hand Vice President - Acquisitions
Melanie R. Wenk Vice President - Portfolio Management & Accounting

In addition to Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr., the directors of Associates are Wilfred
N. Cooper, Jr., Kay L. Cooper, and Jennifer Cooper. The principal shareholders
of Associates are trusts established by the Coopers.

Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr., age 77, is the founder and Chairman of the Board of
Directors of Associates, a Director of WNC Capital Corporation, and a general
partner in some of the partnerships previously sponsored by Associates. Mr.
Cooper has been actively involved in the affordable housing industry since 1968.
Previously, during 1970 and 1971, he was founder and a principal of Creative
Equity Development Corporation, a predecessor of Associates, and of Creative
Equity Corporation, a real estate investment firm. For 12 years before that, Mr.
Cooper was employed by Rockwell International Corporation, last serving as its
manager of housing and urban developments where he had responsibility for
factory-built housing evaluation and project management in urban planning and
development. He has testified before committees of the U.S. Senate and the U.S.
House of Representatives on matters pertaining to the affordable housing
industry. Mr. Cooper is a Life Director of the National Association of Home
Builders, a National Trustee for NAHB's Political Action Committee, and a past
Chairman of NAHB's Multifamily Council. He is a Life Trustee of the National
Housing Conference, and a founder and Director of the California Housing
Consortium. He is the husband of Kay Cooper and the father of Wilfred N. Cooper,
Jr. Mr. Cooper graduated from Pomona College in 1956 with a Bachelor of Arts
degree.

 59

Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr., age 44, is President, Chief Executive Officer,
Secretary, a Director and a member of the Acquisition Committee of Associates.
He is President and a Director of, and a registered principal with, WNC Capital
Corporation. He has been involved in real estate investment and acquisition
activities since 1988 when he joined Associates. Previously, he served as a
Government Affairs Assistant with Honda North America in Washington, D.C. Mr.
Cooper serves on the Board of Trustees of the National Housing Conference, and
is a member of the Editorial Advisory Board of LIHTC Monthly Report, a Steering
Member of the Housing Credit Group of the National Association of Home Builders,
a member of the Tax Policy Council for the National Trust for Historic
Preservation, a member of the Advisory Board of the New York State Association
for Affordable Housing, a member of the Urban Land Institute, a member of the
Orange County Advisory Board of US Bank, and a member of Vistage International,
a global network of business leaders and chief executives. He is the son of
Wilfred Cooper, Sr. and Kay Cooper. Mr. Cooper graduated from The American
University in 1985 with a Bachelor of Arts degree.

David N. Shafer, age 55, is an Executive Vice President, a member of the
Acquisition Committee of, and oversees the New Markets Tax Credit operations of,
Associates, and is responsible for the business development activities of WNC
Community Preservation Partners. Mr. Shafer has been active in the real estate
industry since 1984. Before joining Associates in 1990, he was engaged as an
attorney in the private practice of law with a specialty in real estate and
taxation. Mr. Shafer is a Director and past President of the California Council
of Affordable Housing, and a member of the State Bar of California. Mr. Shafer
graduated from the University of California at Santa Barbara in 1978 with a
Bachelor of Arts degree, from the New England School of Law in 1983 with a Juris
Doctor degree cum laude and from the University of San Diego in 1986 with a
Master of Law degree in Taxation.

Michael J. Gaber, age 41, is an Executive Vice President, oversees the
Originations, and the Acquisitions Departments, and is a member of the
Acquisition Committee of Associates. Mr. Gaber has been involved in real estate
acquisition, valuation and investment activities since 1989 and has been
associated with Associates since 1997. Prior to joining Associates, he was
involved in the valuation and classification of major assets, restructuring of
debt and analysis of real estate taxes with H.F. Ahmanson & Company, parent of
Home Savings of America. Mr. Gaber graduated from the California State
University, Fullerton in 1991 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Business
Administration - Finance.

Sylvester P. Garban, age 61, is Senior Vice President - Institutional
Investments of Associates and a registered principal with WNC Capital
Corporation. Mr. Garban has been involved in domestic and multinational
institutional real estate investment activities since 1978. Before joining
Associates in 1989, he served as Executive Vice President with MRW, Inc., a
commercial real estate development and management firm. He was previously
involved in operations management with The Taubman Company, an international
regional mall developer. Mr. Garban is a member of the National Association of
Affordable Housing Lenders and the Financial Planning Association. He graduated
from Michigan State University in 1967 with a Bachelor of Science degree in
Business Administration.

Thomas J. Riha, age 52, is Senior Vice President - Chief Financial Officer and a
member of the Acquisition Committee of Associates. He has been involved in real
estate acquisition and investment activities since 1979. Before joining
Associates in 1994, Mr. Riha was employed by Trust Realty Advisor, a real estate
acquisition and management company, last serving as Vice President - Operations.
He is a founding member of the Housing Credit Certified Professional Board of
Governors, a national professional certification program administered by the
NAHB and the National Affordable Housing Management Association. Mr. Riha
graduated from the California State University, Fullerton in 1977 with a
Bachelor of Arts degree cum laude in Business Administration with a
concentration in Accounting and is a Certified Public Accountant and a member of
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

 60

Thomas J. Hollingsworth, age 56, is Vice President - Asset Management of
Associates and oversees WNC's asset management group. Mr. Hollingsworth has been
involved in real estate acquisitions, operations and syndication of multifamily
properties for over 25 years. Prior to joining WNC in 2005, he was the senior
workout specialist at Key Corporation Housing Management, Inc., a division of
Key Bank. He has also been responsible for structuring several tax sheltered
multifamily acquisitions during his career. Mr. Hollingsworth graduated from the
University of Utah in 1973 with a Bachelor of Science degree (cum laude) in
Business Administration.

Gregory S. Hand, age 44, is Vice President - Acquisitions of, and oversees the
property underwriting activities of, Associates. Mr. Hand has been involved in
real estate analysis, development and management since 1987. Prior to joining
WNC in 1998, he was a portfolio asset manager with a national Tax Credit sponsor
with responsibility for the management of 200 million in assets. Prior to that,
he was a finance manager with The Koll Company and a financial analyst with The
Irvine Company. Mr. Hand graduated from Iowa State University in 1987 with a
Bachelor of Business Administration degree in finance.

Melanie R. Wenk, age 39, is Vice President - Portfolio Management & Accounting
of Associates. She is responsible for overseeing institutional and retail fund
portfolio management, including partnership accounting, SEC reporting, quarterly
and annual investor reporting, monitoring investment returns for all stabilized
WNC institutional funds, and corporate accounting. Prior to joining WNC in 2003,
Ms. Wenk was associated as a public accountant with BDO Seidman, LLP. She
graduated from the California Polytechnic State University, Pomona, in 1999 with
a Bachelor of Science degree in accounting.

(f) Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings
 ----------------------------------------

 Two Local Limited Partnerships invested in by other Associates-sponsored
 public limited partnerships were unable to meet their obligations as they
 became due, and each has filed a voluntary petition in bankruptcy. The
 local general partner of one of them is not affiliated with Associates.
 The original unaffiliated local general partner of the other was removed
 and replaced with a general partnership wholly-owned by two of the
 executive officers of Associates identified above.

(g) Promoters and Control Persons
 -----------------------------

 Inapplicable.

(h) Audit Committee Financial Expert, and (i) Identification of the audit
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------
 Committee
 ---------

 Neither the Partnership nor Associates has an audit committee.

(j) Changes to Nominating Procedures
 --------------------------------

 Inapplicable.

(k) Compliance With Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act
 -------------------------------------------------

 None.

(l) Code of Ethics
 --------------

 Associates has adopted a Code of Ethics which applies to the Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Associates. The Code of
 Ethics will be provided without charge to any person who requests it. Such
 requests should be directed to: Investor Relations at (714)662-5565
 extension 187.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION

The Partnership has no officers, employees, or directors. However, under the
terms of the Partnership Agreement the Partnership is obligated to the General
Partner or its affiliates for the following fees:

 61

a. Annual Asset Management Fee. An annual asset management fee of the
 greater of (i) 2,000 per multi-family housing complex or (ii)
 0.275 of Gross Proceeds. The base fee amount will be adjusted
 annually based on changes in the Consumer Price Index, however in no
 event will the annual asset management fee exceed 0.2 of Invested
 Assets. "Invested Assets" means the sum of the Partnership's
 investment in Local Limited Partnerships and the Partnership's
 allocable share of the amount of indebtedness related to the Housing
 Complexes. Management fees of 44,000 were incurred during each of
 the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002, of
 which 0, 0, 0, 0, 1,875, and 0 were paid for the years ended
 March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

 b. Subordinated Disposition Fee. A subordinated disposition fee in an
 amount equal to 1 of the sale price received in connection with the
 sale or disposition of a Housing Complex. Subordinated disposition
 fees will be subordinated to the prior return of the Limited
 Partners' capital contributions and payment of the Return on
 Investment to the Limited Partners. "Return on Investment" means an
 annual, cumulative but not compounded, "return" to the Limited
 Partners (including Low Income Housing Credits) as a class on their
 adjusted capital contributions commencing for each Limited Partner
 on the last day of the calendar quarter during which the Limited
 Partner's capital contribution is received by the Partnership,
 calculated at the following rates: (i) 16 through December 31,
 2003, and (ii) 6 for the balance of the Partnership's term. No
 disposition fees have been paid.

 c. Operating Expenses. The Partnership reimbursed the General Partner
 or its affiliates for operating expenses of approximately 0, 0,
 0, 31,786, 29,914 and 38,642 during the years ended March 31,
 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002, respectively.

 d. Interest in Partnership. The General Partner receives 1 of the
 Partnership's allocated Low Income Housing Tax Credits, which
 approximated 4,575, 12,418, 20,805, 21,624, and 22,000, for the
 General Partner for the years ended December 31, 2006, 2005, 2004,
 2003 and 2002, respectively. The General Partner is also entitled to
 receive 1 of cash distributions. There were no distributions of
 cash to the General Partner during the years March 31, 2007, 2006,
 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND
 RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS

(a) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans
 ------------------------------------------------------------------

 The Partnership has no compensation plans under which interests in the
 Partnership are authorized for issuance.

(b) Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 -----------------------------------------------

 The following is the only limited partner known to the General Partner to
 own beneficially in excess of 5 of the outstanding Partnership Units as
 of March 31, 2004, 2005 and 2006:

NAME AND ADDRESS OF AMOUNT OF UNITS
 TITLE OF CLASS BENEFICIAL OWNER CONTROLLED PERCENT OF CLASS
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Units of Limited Sempra Energy Financial 4,000 Units 25.6 
 Partnership Interests P.O. Box 126943
 San Diego, CA 92113-6943

62

During the year ended March 31, 2007 Sempra Energy Financial transferred
 its Partnership Units to Sempra Section 42, LLC therefore the only limited
 partner known to the General Partner to own beneficially in excess of 5 
 of the outstanding Partnership Units as of March 31, 2007:

NAME AND ADDRESS OF AMOUNT OF UNITS
 TITLE OF CLASS BENEFICIAL OWNER CONTROLLED PERCENT OF CLASS
 ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 Units of Limited Sempra Section 42, LLC 4,000 Units 25.6 
 Partnership Interests 555 California Street, 4th Floor
 San Francisco, CA 94104

(c) Security Ownership of Management
 --------------------------------

 Neither the General Partner, Associates, its affiliates, nor any of the
 officers or directors of the General Partner, Associates, or its
 affiliates own directly or beneficially any Partnership Units.

(d) Changes in Control
 ------------------

 The management and control of the General Partner and of Associates may be
 changed at any time in accordance with their respective organizational
 documents, without the consent or approval of the Limited Partners. In
 addition, the Partnership Agreement provides for the admission of one or
 more additional and successor General Partners in certain circumstances.

 First, with the consent of any other General Partners and a
 majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners, any General Partner may
 designate one or more persons to be successor or additional General
 Partners. In addition, any General Partner may, without the consent of any
 other General Partner or the Limited Partners, (i) substitute in its stead
 as General Partner any entity which has, by merger, consolidation or
 otherwise, acquired substantially all of its assets, stock or other
 evidence of equity interest and continued its business, or (ii) cause to
 be admitted to the Partnership an additional General Partner or Partners
 if it deems such admission to be necessary or desirable so that the
 Partnership will be classified a partnership for Federal income tax
 purposes. Finally, a majority-in-interest of the Limited Partners may at
 any time remove the General Partner of the Partnership and elect a
 successor General Partner.

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
 INDEPENDENCE

 (a) The General Partner manages all of the Partnership's affairs. The
 transactions with the General Partner are primarily in the form of
 fees paid by the Partnership for services rendered to the
 Partnership, reimbursement of expenses, and the General Partner's
 interest in the Partnership, as discussed in Item 11 and in the
 notes to the Partnership's financial statements.

 (b) The Partnership has no directors.

 63

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES

The following is a summary of fees paid to the Partnership's principal
independent registered public accounting firm for the years ended March 31:

2007 2006 2005 2004 2003
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
 
Audit Fees - - 14,525 14,966 14,250
Audit-related Fees - - - - -
Tax Fees 2,625 2,500 2,500 3,210 3,210
All Other Fees - - - - -
 ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------ ------------
TOTAL 2,625 2,500 17,025 18,176 17,460
 ============ ============ ============ ============ ============

The Partnership has no Audit Committee. All audit services and any permitted
non-audit services performed by the Partnership's independent auditors are
preapproved by the General Partner.

64

PART IV.

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES

(a)(1) List of Financial statements included in Part II hereof
 -------------------------------------------------------

 Balance Sheets, March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003 Statements of
 Operations for the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003
 and 2002 Statements of Partners' Equity (Deficit) for the years ended
 March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and 2002 Statements of Cash
 Flows for the years ended March 31, 2007, 2006, 2005, 2004, 2003 and
 2002 Notes to Financial Statements

(a)(2) List of Financial statement schedules included in Part IV hereof:
 -----------------------------------------------------------------

 Schedule III, Real Estate Owned by Local Limited Partnerships

(a)(3) Exhibits.
 --------

3.1 Articles of incorporation and by-laws: The registrant is not
 incorporated. The Partnership Agreement filed as Exhibit 28.1 to Form
 10-K for fiscal year ended December 31, 1995.

31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14
 and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. (filed herewith)

31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14
 and 15d-14, as adopted pursuant to section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002. (filed herewith)

32.1 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer. (filed
 herewith)

32.2 Section 1350 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer. (filed
 herewith)

99.1 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
 Beckwood Manor Seven Limited Partnership filed as exhibit 10.1 to Form
 8-K dated December 8, 1993 is hereby incorporated herein by reference
 as exhibit 99.1.

99.2 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Alpine Manor
 filed as exhibit 10.3 to Post-Effective Amendment No 1 dated February
 16, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by reference as exhibit 99.2.

99.3 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Briscoe
 Manor, Limited Partnership filed as exhibit 10.4 to Post-Effective
 Amendment No 1 dated February 16, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by
 reference as exhibit 99.3.

 65

99.4 Amended and Restated Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership
 of Evergreen Four, Limited Partnership filed as exhibit 10.5 to
 Post-Effective Amendment No 1 dated February 16, 1994 is hereby
 incorporated herein by reference as exhibit 99.4.

99.5 Amended and Restated Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership
 of Fawn Haven, Limited Partnership filed as exhibit 10.6 to
 Post-Effective Amendment No 1 dated February 16, 1994 is hereby
 incorporated herein by reference as exhibit 99.5.

99.6 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Fort Stockton,
 L. P. filed as exhibit 10.7 to Post-Effective Amendment No 1 dated
 February 16, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by reference as exhibit
 99.6.

99.7 Amended and Restated Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership
 of Madison Manor Senior Citizens Complex, Ltd. filed as exhibit 10.8 to
 Post-Effective Amendment No 1 dated February 16, 1994 is hereby
 incorporated herein by reference as exhibit 99.7.

99.8 Amended and Restated Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership
 of Mt. Graham Housing, Ltd. filed as exhibit 10.9 to Post-Effective
 Amendment No 1 dated February 16, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by
 reference as exhibit 99.8.

99.9 Amended and Restated Agreement and Certificate of Limited Partnership
 of Northside Plaza Apartments, Ltd. filed as exhibit 10.10 to
 Post-Effective Amendment No 1 dated February 16, 1994 is hereby
 incorporated herein by reference as exhibit 99.9.

99.10 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Pampa Manor,
 L.P. filed as exhibit 10.11 to Post-Effective Amendment No 1 dated
 February 16, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by reference as exhibit
 99.10.

99.11 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Vernon Manor,
 L.P. filed as exhibit 10.12 to Post-Effective Amendment No 1 dated
 February 16, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by reference as exhibit
 99.11.

99.12 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Waterford
 Place, A Limited Partnership filed as exhibit 10.13 to Post-Effective
 Amendment No 1 dated February 16, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by
 reference as exhibit 99.12.

99.13 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Yantis
 Housing, Ltd filed as exhibit 10.13 to Post-Effective Amendment No 1
 dated February 16, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by reference as
 exhibit 99.13.

99.14 Third Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership and
 Certificate of Limited Partnership of Indian Creek Limited Partnership
 filed as exhibit 10.16 to Post-Effective Amendment No 2 dated March 11,
 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by reference as exhibit 99.14.

99.15 Agreement of Limited Partnership of Laurel Creek Apartments filed as
 exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated May 25, 1994 is hereby incorporated
 herein by reference as exhibit 99.15.

99.16 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of
 Sandpiper Square, A Limited Partnership filed as exhibit 10.2 to Form
 8-K dated May 25, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by reference as
 exhibit 99.16.

99.17 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Regency Court
 Partners filed as exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K dated June 30, 1994 is
 hereby incorporated herein by reference as exhibit 99.17.

99.18 Disposition and Development Agreement By and Between The Community
 Development Commission of the County of Los Angeles and Regency Court
 Partners (including forum of Ground Lease) filed as exhibit 10.2 to
 Form 8-K dated June 30, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by reference
 as exhibit 99.18.

99.19 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Bay City
 Village Apartments, Limited Partnership filed as exhibit 10.19 to
 Post-Effective Amendment No 4 dated July 14, 1994 is hereby
 incorporated herein by reference as exhibit 99.19.

 66

99.20 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hidden
 Valley Limited Partnership filed as exhibit 10.20 to Post-Effective
 Amendment No 4 dated July 14, 1994 is hereby incorporated herein by
 reference as exhibit 99.20.

99.21 Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of HOI Limited
 Partnership of Lenoir and Amendments thereto filed as exhibit 10.21 to
 Post-Effective Amendment No 4 dated July 14, 1994 is hereby
 incorporated herein by reference as exhibit 99.21.

99.22 Financial Statements of Regency Court, as of and for the years ended
 December 31, 2003 and 2002 together with Independent Auditors' Report
 thereon; a significant subsidiary of the Partnership. (filed herewith)

99.23 Financial Statements of Pioneer Street Associates for the years ended
 December 31, 2006, 2005, 2004 and 2003 together with Independent
 Auditors' Report thereon; a significant subsidiary of the Partnership.

99.24 Financial Statements of Apartment Housing of East Brewton, Ltd for the
 years ended December 31, 2006, 2005 and 2004 together with Independent
 Auditors' Report thereon; a significant subsidiary of the Partnership.

(d) Financial statement schedules follow, as set forth in subsection (a)(2)
 -----------------------------------------------------------------------
 hereof.
 -------

 67

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2007

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2007 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2006
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East Brewton,
East Brewton, Ltd. Alabama 1,192,000 1,192,000 1,111,000 69,000 2,285,000 (626,000) 1,728,000

Autumn Trace
Associates, Ltd. Silsbee, Texas 412,000 412,000 1,185,000 30,000 2,029,000 (988,000) 1,071,000

Broken Bow Apartments Broken Bow,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska 608,000 608,000 536,000 45,000 1,340,000 (368,000) 1,017,000

Candleridge Apartments Waukee, Iowa
of Waukee L.P. II 125,000 125,000 658,000 90,000 905,000 (397,000) 598,000

Chadwick Limited Edan, North
Partnership Carolina 378,000 378,000 1,505,000 48,000 2,060,000 (563,000) 1,545,000

Comanche Retirement Comanche,
Village, Ltd. Texas 136,000 136,000 587,000 18,000 435,000 (306,000) 147,000

Crossings II Limited Portage,
Dividend Housing Michigan
Association Limited
Partnership (2) 432,000 432,000 5,278,000 305,000 6,812,000 (1,724,000) 5,393,000

EW, a Wisconsin Limited Evansville,
Partnership (1) Wisconson - - - - - - -

Garland Street Limited Malvarn,
Partnership Arkansas 164,000 164,000 672,000 29,000 928,000 (451,000) 506,000

Hereford Seniors Hereford,
Community, Ltd. Texas 167,000 167,000 777,000 57,000 961,000 (292,000) 726,000

 68

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2007

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2007 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2006
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hickory Lane Newton,
Associates, Ltd Texas 174,000 174,000 583,000 61,000 888,000 (354,000) 595,000

Honeysuckle Court Vidor,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 339,000 339,000 1,140,000 49,000 1,784,000 (712,000) 1,121,000

Klimpel Manor, Ltd Fullerton,
 California 1,774,000 1,774,000 1,910,000 78,000 3,511,000 (1,213,000) 2,376,000

Lamesa Seniors Lamesa,
Community, Ltd. Texas 143,000 143,000 663,000 36,000 812,000 (360,000) 488,000

Laredo Heights Navasota,
Apartments Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 945,000 17,000 1,432,000 (455,000) 994,000

Mountainview Apartments North
LimitedPartnership Wilkesboro,
 North Carolina 195,000 195,000 958,000 86,000 1,147,000 (345,000) 888,000

Palestine Seniors Palestine,
Community, Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 1,091,000 45,000 1,358,000 (439,000) 964,000

Pecan Grove Limited Forrest City,
Partnership Arkansas 240,000 240,000 1,075,000 35,000 1,445,000 (711,000) 769,000

Pioneer Street Bakersfield,
Associates California 2,222,000 2,222,000 1,673,000 300,000 3,869,000 (1,729,000) 2,440,000

Sidney Apartments I, Sidney,
Limited Partnership Nebraska 530,000 530,000 514,000 33,000 1,386,000 (395,000) 1,024,000

Southcove Associates Orange Cove,
 California 2,000,000 2,000,000 1,481,000 175,000 3,399,000 (1,519,000) 2,055,000

 69

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2007

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2007 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2006
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Walnut Turn Associates, Buna,
Ltd. Texas 188,000 188,000 367,000 58,000 982,000 (393,000) 647,000
 ------- ------- ------- ------ ------- -------- -------

 11,869,000 11,869,000 24,709,000 1,664,000 39,768,000 (14,340,000) 27,092,000
 =========== =========== =========== ========== =========== ============ ===========

 (1) The Housing Complex was sold on October 31, 2006 and the Local Limited Partnership was subsequently dissolved.

 (2) The Housing Complex was identified in October of 2007 for disposition.

70

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2007

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East
Brewton, Ltd. 138,000 (49,000) 1998 Completed 40 Years

Autumn Trace Associates, Ltd. 273,000 (15,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Broken Bow Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 56,000 (37,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Candleridge Apartments of Waukee
L.P. II 126,000 (16,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Chadwick Limited Partnership 228,000 (30,000) 1994 Completed 50 Years

Comanche Retirement Village, Ltd. 89,000 (22,000) 1994 Completed 30 Years

Crossings II Limited Dividend
Housing Association Limited
Partnership 679,000 (140,000) 1997 Completed 40 Years

EW, a Wisconsin Limited
Partnership 82,000 42,000 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Garland Street Limited Partnership 97,000 (39,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Hereford Seniors Community, Ltd. 116,000 (2,000) 1995 Completed 40 Years

Hickory Lane Associates, Ltd. 68,000 (42,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Honeysuckle Court Associates, Ltd. 194,000 (63,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. 426,000 (47,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Lamesa Seniors Community, Ltd. 137,000 (19,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Laredo Heights Apartments Ltd. 216,000 (14,000) 1996 Completed 45 Years

Mountainview Apartments Limited
Partnership 117,000 (4,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Palestine Seniors Community, Ltd. 142,000 (19,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

 71

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2007

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2006
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pecan Grove Limited Partnership 153,000 (33,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Pioneer Street Associates 564,000 (58,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Sidney Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 79,000 (59,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Southcove Associates 255,000 (152,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Walnut Turn Associates, Ltd. 108,000 (44,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years
 ----------- -----------

 4,343,000 (862,000)
 =========== ===========

72

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2006

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2006 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2005
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East Brewton,
East Brewton, Ltd. Alabama 1,192,000 1,192,000 1,119,000 69,000 2,285,000 (560,000) 1,794,000

Autumn Trace Silsbee,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 412,000 412,000 1,199,000 30,000 2,029,000 (914,000) 1,145,000

Broken Bow Apartments Broken Bow,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska 608,000 608,000 581,000 45,000 1,340,000 (329,000) 1,056,000

Candleridge Apartments Waukee,
of Waukee L.P. II Iowa 125,000 125,000 663,000 90,000 897,000 (361,000) 626,000

Chadwick Limited Edan, North
Partnership Carolina 378,000 378,000 1,488,000 48,000 2,059,000 (522,000) 1,585,000

Comanche Retirement Comanche,
Village, Ltd. Texas 136,000 136,000 580,000 18,000 435,000 (281,000) 172,000

Crossings II Limited Portage,
Dividend Housing Michigan
Association Limited
Partnership 432,000 432,000 5,395,000 305,000 6,705,000 (1,535,000) 5,475,000

EW, a Wisconsin Evansville,
Limited Partnership Wisconson 164,000 164,000 581,000 48,000 869,000 (406,000) 511,000

Garland Street Malvarn,
Limited Partnership Arkansas 164,000 164,000 676,000 29,000 919,000 (412,000) 536,000

Hereford Seniors Hereford,
Community, Ltd. Texas 167,000 167,000 781,000 57,000 957,000 (267,000) 747,000

 73

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2006

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2006 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2005
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hickory Lane Newton,
Associates, Ltd Texas 174,000 174,000 585,000 61,000 888,000 (322,000) 627,000

Honeysuckle Court Vidor,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 339,000 339,000 1,144,000 49,000 1,784,000 (647,000) 1,186,000

Klimpel Manor, Ltd Fullerton,
 California 1,774,000 1,774,000 1,936,000 78,000 3,510,000 (1,125,000) 2,463,000

Lamesa Seniors Lamesa,
Community, Ltd. Texas 143,000 143,000 666,000 36,000 793,000 (328,000) 501,000

Laredo Heights Navasota,
Apartments Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 954,000 17,000 1,414,000 (407,000) 1,024,000

Mountainview Apartments North
Limited Partnership Wilkesboro,
 North Carolina 195,000 195,000 964,000 86,000 1,136,000 (323,000) 899,000

Palestine Seniors Palestine,
Community, Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 1,098,000 45,000 1,351,000 (403,000) 933,000

Pecan Grove Forrest City,
Limited Partnership Arkansas 240,000 240,000 1,081,000 35,000 1,414,000 (654,000) 795,000

Pioneer Street Bakersfield,
Associates California 2,222,000 2,222,000 1,715,000 300,000 3,845,000 (1,585,000) 2,560,000

Sidney Apartments I, Sidney,
Limited Partnership Nebraska 530,000 530,000 425,000 33,000 1,386,000 (360,000) 1,059,000

Southcove Associates Orange Cove,
 California 2,000,000 2,000,000 1,490,000 175,000 3,383,000 (1,381,000) 2,177,000

 74

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2006

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2006 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2005
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Walnut Turn Buna,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 188,000 188,000 677,000 58,000 982,000 (357,000) 683,000
 ------- ------- ------- ------ ------- -------- -------

 12,033,000 12,033,000 25,798,000 1,712,000 40,381,000 (13,479,000) 28,614,000
 =========== =========== =========== ========== =========== ============ ===========

75

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2006

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East
Brewton, Ltd. 133,000 (56,000) 1998 Completed 40 Years

Autumn Trace Associates, Ltd. 255,000 (24,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Broken Bow Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 56,000 (48,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Candleridge Apartments of Waukee
L.P. II 126,000 (14,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Chadwick Limited Partnership 220,000 (17,000) 1994 Completed 50 Years

Comanche Retirement Village, Ltd. 87,000 (15,000) 1994 Completed 30 Years

Crossings II Limited Dividend
Housing Association Limited
Partnership 565,000 (226,000) 1997 Completed 40 Years

EW, a Wisconsin Limited
Partnership 78,000 34,000 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Garland Street Limited Partnership 95,000 (34,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Hereford Seniors Community, Ltd. 105,000 (13,000) 1995 Completed 40 Years

Hickory Lane Associates, Ltd. 98,000 (44,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Honeysuckle Court Associates, Ltd. 209,000 (49,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. 428,000 (21,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Lamesa Seniors Community, Ltd. 122,000 (26,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Laredo Heights Apartments Ltd. 205,000 (21,000) 1996 Completed 45 Years

Mountainview Apartments Limited
Partnership 113,000 1,000 1994 Completed 40 Years

Palestine Seniors Community, Ltd. 144,000 (41,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

 76

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2006

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2005
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pecan Grove Limited Partnership 150,000 (35,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Pioneer Street Associates 565,000 (54,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Sidney Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 79,000 (24,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Southcove Associates 261,000 (121,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Walnut Turn Associates, Ltd. 108,000 (23,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years
 ----------- -----------

 4,202,000 (871,000)
 =========== ===========

77

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2005

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2005 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East Brewton,
East Brewton, Ltd. Alabama 1,192,000 1,192,000 1,127,000 69,000 2,284,000 (492,000) 1,861,000

Autumn Trace Silsbee,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 412,000 412,000 1,211,000 30,000 2,029,000 (841,000) 1,218,000

Broken Bow Apartments Broken Bow,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska 608,000 608,000 582,000 45,000 1,339,000 (291,000) 1,093,000

Candleridge Apartments Waukee,
of Waukee L.P. II Iowa 125,000 125,000 666,000 90,000 860,000 (325,000) 625,000

Chadwick Limited Edan,
Partnership North Carolina 378,000 378,000 1,535,000 48,000 2,047,000 (482,000) 1,613,000

Comanche Retirement Comanche,
Village, Ltd. Texas 136,000 136,000 582,000 18,000 435,000 (254,000) 199,000

Crossings II Limited Portage,
Dividend Housing Michigan
Association Limited
Partnership 432,000 432,000 5,511,000 305,000 6,647,000 (1,452,000) 5,500,000

EW, a Wisconsin Evansville,
Limited Partnership Wisconson 164,000 164,000 587,000 48,000 869,000 (376,000) 541,000

Garland Street Malvarn,
Limited Partnership Arkansas 164,000 164,000 680,000 29,000 908,000 (376,000) 561,000

Hereford Seniors Hereford,
Community, Ltd. Texas 167,000 167,000 785,000 57,000 953,000 (242,000) 768,000

 78

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2005

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2005 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hickory Lane Newton,
Associates, Ltd Texas 174,000 174,000 587,000 61,000 888,000 (290,000) 659,000

Honeysuckle Court Vidor,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 339,000 339,000 1,148,000 49,000 1,784,000 (582,000) 1,251,000

Klimpel Manor, Ltd Fullerton,
 California 1,774,000 1,774,000 1,959,000 78,000 3,511,000 (1,038,000) 2,551,000

Lamesa Seniors Lamesa,
Community, Ltd. Texas 143,000 143,000 669,000 36,000 789,000 (299,000) 526,000

Laredo Heights Navasota,
Apartments Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 962,000 17,000 1,396,000 (358,000) 1,055,000

Mountainview Apartments North
Limited Partnership Wilkesboro,
 North Carolina 195,000 195,000 971,000 86,000 1,125,000 (299,000) 912,000

Palestine Seniors Palestine,
Community, Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 1,104,000 45,000 1,347,000 (367,000) 1,025,000

Pecan Grove Limited Forrest City,
Partnership Arkansas 240,000 240,000 1,088,000 35,000 1,407,000 (596,000) 846,000

Pioneer Street Bakersfield,
Associates California 2,222,000 2,222,000 1,750,000 300,000 3,840,000 (1,443,000) 2,697,000

Sidney Apartments I, Sidney,
Limited Partnership Nebraska 530,000 530,000 426,000 33,000 1,387,000 (325,000) 1,095,000

Southcove Associates Orange Cove,
 California 2,000,000 2,000,000 1,499,000 175,000 3,345,000 (1,244,000) 2,276,000

 79

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2005

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2005 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2004
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------

 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Walnut Turn Buna,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 188,000 188,000 680,000 58,000 982,000 (321,000) 719,000
 ------- ------- ------- ------ ------- -------- -------

 12,033,000 12,033,000 26,109,000 1,712,000 40,172,000 (12,293,000) 25,592,000
 =========== =========== =========== ========== =========== ============ ===========

80

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2005

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East
Brewton, Ltd. 128,000 (63,000) 1998 Completed 40 Years

Autumn Trace Associates, Ltd. 241,000 (38,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Broken Bow Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 53,000 (47,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Candleridge Apartments of Waukee
L.P. II 131,000 (14,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Chadwick Limited Partnership 216,000 (14,000) 1994 Completed 50 Years

Comanche Retirement Village, Ltd. 85,000 (18,000) 1994 Completed 30 Years

Crossings II Limited Dividend
Housing Association Limited
Partnership 572,000 (214,000) 1997 Completed 40 Years

EW, a Wisconsin Limited
Partnership 73,000 (59,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Garland Street Limited Partnership 100,000 (16,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Hereford Seniors Community, Ltd. 103,000 (9,000) 1995 Completed 40 Years

Hickory Lane Associates, Ltd. 103,000 (32,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Honeysuckle Court Associates, Ltd. 207,000 (60,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. 420,000 (67,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Lamesa Seniors Community, Ltd. 123,000 (25,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Laredo Heights Apartments Ltd. 192,000 (26,000) 1996 Completed 45 Years

Mountainview Apartments Limited
Partnership 128,000 (10,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Palestine Seniors Community, Ltd. 143,000 (18,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

 81

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2005

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2004
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pecan Grove Limited Partnership 149,000 (38,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Pioneer Street Associates 533,000 (63,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Sidney Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 83,000 (25,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Southcove Associates 248,000 (120,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Walnut Turn Associates, Ltd. 99,000 (42,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years
 ------ -------

 4,130,000 (1,018,000)
 =========== ===========

82

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2004

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2004 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2003
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East Brewton,
East Brewton, Ltd. Alabama 1,192,000 1,192,000 1,134,000 69,000 2,278,000 (417,000) 1,930,000

Autumn Trace Silsbee,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 412,000 412,000 1,223,000 30,000 2,029,000 (767,000) 1,292,000

Broken Bow Apartments Broken Bow,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska 608,000 608,000 583,000 45,000 1,340,000 (251,000) 1,134,000

Candleridge Apartments Waukee,
of Waukee L.P. II Iowa 125,000 125,000 670,000 90,000 852,000 (286,000) 656,000

Chadwick Limited Edan,
Partnership North Carolina 378,000 378,000 1,516,000 48,000 2,047,000 (438,000) 1,657,000

Comanche Retirement Comanche,
Village, Ltd. Texas 136,000 136,000 594,000 18,000 435,000 (227,000) 226,000

Crossings II Limited Portage,
Dividend Housing Michigan
Association Limited
Partnership 432,000 432,000 5,611,000 305,000 6,647,000 (1,255,000) 5,697,000

EW, a Wisconsin Evansville,
Limited Partnership Wisconson 164,000 164,000 598,000 48,000 867,000 (340,000) 575,000

Garland Street Limited Malvarn,
Partnership Arkansas 164,000 164,000 683,000 29,000 901,000 (342,000) 588,000

 83

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2004

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2004 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2003
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hereford Seniors Hereford,
Community, Ltd. Texas 167,000 167,000 789,000 57,000 952,000 (218,000) 791,000

Hickory Lane Newton,
Associates, Ltd Texas 174,000 174,000 589,000 61,000 888,000 (257,000) 692,000

Honeysuckle Court Vidor,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 339,000 339,000 1,152,000 49,000 1,785,000 (518,000) 1,316,000

Klimpel Manor, Ltd Fullerton,
 California 1,774,000 1,774,000 1,981,000 78,000 3,511,000 (944,000) 2,645,000

Lamesa Seniors Lamesa,
Community, Ltd. Texas 143,000 143,000 672,000 36,000 786,000 (269,000) 553,000

Laredo Heights Navasota,
Apartments Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 970,000 17,000 1,375,000 (310,000) 1,082,000

Mountainview Apartments North
Limited Partnership Wilkesboro,
 North Carolina 195,000 195,000 977,000 86,000 1,125,000 (277,000) 934,000

Palestine Seniors Palestine,
Community, Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 1,109,000 45,000 1,345,000 (333,000) 1,057,000

Pecan Grove Limited Forrest City,
Partnership Arkansas 240,000 240,000 1,094,000 35,000 1,387,000 (538,000) 884,000

Pioneer Street Bakersfield,
Associates California 2,222,000 2,222,000 1,781,000 300,000 3,825,000 (1,302,000) 2,823,000

Sidney Apartments I, Sidney,
Limited Partnership Nebraska 530,000 530,000 428,000 33,000 1,386,000 (289,000) 1,130,000

 84

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2004

 ----------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2004 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2003
- -------------------------------------------------------------------- ---------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS LAND EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Southcove Associates Orange Cove,
 California 2,000,000 2,000,000 1,506,000 175,000 3,304,000 (1,121,000) 2,358,000

Walnut Turn Associates, Buna,
Ltd. Texas 188,000 188,000 682,000 58,000 982,000 (286,000) 754,000
 ------- ------- ------- ------ ------- -------- -------

 12,033,000 12,033,000 26,342,000 1,712,000 40,047,000 (10,985,000) 30,774,000
 =========== =========== =========== ========== =========== ============ ===========

85

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2004

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East
Brewton, Ltd. 136,000 (71,000) 1998 Completed 40 Years

Autumn Trace Associates, Ltd. 253,000 (37,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Broken Bow Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 56,000 (60,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Candleridge Apartments of Waukee
L.P. II 127,000 (31,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Chadwick Limited Partnership 214,000 (8,000) 1994 Completed 50 Years

Comanche Retirement Village, Ltd. 82,000 (322,000) 1994 Completed 30 Years

Crossings II Limited Dividend
Housing Association Limited
Partnership 692,000 (114,000) 1997 Completed 40 Years

EW, a Wisconsin Limited
Partnership 93,000 33,000 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Garland Street Limited Partnership 79,000 (31,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Hereford Seniors Community, Ltd. 85,000 (30,000) 1995 Completed 40 Years

Hickory Lane Associates, Ltd. 101,000 (23,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Honeysuckle Court Associates, Ltd. 203,000 (56,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. 419,000 (37,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Lamesa Seniors Community, Ltd. 124,000 (24,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Laredo Heights Apartments Ltd. 179,000 (21,000) 1996 Completed 45 Years

Mountainview Apartments Limited
Partnership 108,000 (9,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Palestine Seniors Community, Ltd. 140,000 (19,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

 86

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2004

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2003
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pecan Grove Limited Partnership 136,000 (45,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Pioneer Street Associates 531,000 (34,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Sidney Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 86,000 (93,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Southcove Associates 244,000 (106,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Walnut Turn Associates, Ltd. 100,000 (43,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years
 ------- -------

 4,188,000 1,181,000
 =========== ===========

87

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2003

 ------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2003 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2002
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East Brewton,
East Brewton, Ltd. Alabama 1,192,000 1,192,000 1,141,000 2,342,000 (336,000) 2,006,000

Autumn Trace Silsbee,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 412,000 412,000 1,233,000 2,059,000 (693,000) 1,366,000

Broken Bow Apartments Broken Bow,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska 608,000 608,000 584,000 1,383,000 (210,000) 1,173,000

Candleridge Apartments Waukee,
of Waukee L.P. II Iowa 125,000 125,000 673,000 904,000 (236,000) 668,000

Chadwick Limited Edan,
Partnership North Carolina 378,000 378,000 1,528,000 2,053,000 (390,000) 1,663,000

Comanche Retirement Comanche,
Village, Ltd. Texas 136,000 136,000 587,000 761,000 (200,000) 561,000

Crossings II Limited Portage,
Dividend Housing Michigan
Association Limited
Partnership 432,000 432,000 5,715,000 6,952,000 (1,059,000) 5,893,000

EW, a Wisconsin Limited Evansville,
Partnership Wisconson 164,000 164,000 609,000 907,000 (301,000) 606,000

Garland Street Malvarn,
Limited Partnership Arkansas 164,000 164,000 687,000 928,000 (308,000) 620,000

Hereford Seniors Hereford,
Community, Ltd. Texas 167,000 167,000 792,000 1,009,000 (193,000) 816,000

 88

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2003

 ------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2003 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2002
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hickory Lane Newton,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 174,000 174,000 591,000 950,000 225,000 725,000

Honeysuckle Court Vidor,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 339,000 339,000 1,156,000 1,833,000 453,000 1,380,000

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. Fullerton, 1,774,000 1,774,000 2,000,000 3,589,000 849,000 2,740,000
 California

Lamesa Seniors Lamesa,
Community, Ltd. Texas 143,000 143,000 675,000 821,000 241,000 580,000

Laredo Heights Navasota,
Apartments Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 977,000 1,383,000 264,000 1,119,000

Mountainview Apartments North
Limited Partnership Wilkesboro,
 North Carolina 195,000 195,000 984,000 1,211,000 250,000 961,000

Palestine Seniors Palestine,
Community, Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 1,114,000 1,388,000 299,000 1,089,000

Pecan Grove Forrest City,
Limited Partnership Arkansas 240,000 240,000 1,099,000 1,419,000 483,000 936,000

Pioneer Street Bakersfield,
Associates California 2,222,000 2,222,000 1,810,000 4,097,000 1,164,000 2,933,000

Sidney Apartments I, Sidney,
Limited Partnership Nebraska 530,000 530,000 429,000 1,419,000 251,000 1,168,000

Southcove Associates Orange Cove,
 California 2,000,000 2,000,000 1,514,000 3,466,000 1,001,000 2,465,000

Walnut Turn Buna,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 188,000 188,000 684,000 1,040,000 250,000 790,000
 ------- ------- ------- --------- ------- -------

 12,033,000 12,033,000 26,582,000 41,914,000 9,656,000 32,258,000
 =========== =========== =========== ============ =========== ============

 89

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2003

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East
Brewton, Ltd. 120,000 (77,000) 1998 Completed 40 Years

Autumn Trace Associates, Ltd. 231,000 (74,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Broken Bow Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 51,000 (48,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Candleridge Apartments of Waukee
L.P. II 130,000 (8,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Chadwick Limited Partnership 205,000 (17,000) 1994 Completed 50 Years

Comanche Retirement Village, Ltd. 78,000 (22,000) 1994 Completed 30 Years

Crossings II Limited Dividend
Housing Association Limited
Partnership 772,000 (45,000) 1997 Completed 40 Years

EW, a Wisconsin Limited
Partnership 93,000 (18,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Garland Street Limited Partnership 77,000 (26,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Hereford Seniors Community, Ltd. 90,000 (21,000) 1995 Completed 40 Years

Hickory Lane Associates, Ltd. 100,000 (12,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Honeysuckle Court Associates, Ltd. 203,000 (47,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. 416,000 (97,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Lamesa Seniors Community, Ltd. 119,000 (27,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Laredo Heights Apartments Ltd. 171,000 (35,000) 1996 Completed 45 Years

Mountainview Apartments Limited
Partnership 102,000 (21,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Palestine Seniors Community, Ltd. 139,000 (20,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

 90

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2003

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2002
 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pecan Grove Limited Partnership 135,000 (32,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Pioneer Street Associates 488,000 2,000 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Sidney Apartments I, Limited 76,000 (21,000)
Partnership 1996 Completed 40 Years

Southcove Associates 229,000 (112,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Walnut Turn Associates, Ltd. 20,000 (22,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years
 ------ -------

 4,045,000 (800,000)
 =========== ===========

91

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2002

 ------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2002 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East Brewton,
East Brewton, Ltd. Alabama 1,192,000 1,192,000 1,139,000 2,341,000 254,000 2,087,000

Autumn Trace Silsbee,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 412,000 412,000 1,243,000 2,058,000 618,000 1,440,000

Broken Bow Apartments Broken Bow,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska 608,000 608,000 586,000 1,384,000 171,000 1,213,000

Candleridge Apartments Waukee,
of Waukee L.P. II Iowa 125,000 125,000 676,000 895,000 202,000 693,000

Chadwick Limited Edan,
Partnership North Carolina 378,000 378,000 1,540,000 2,021,000 344,000 1,677,000

Comanche Retirement Comanche,
Village, Ltd. Texas 136,000 136,000 589,000 761,000 174,000 587,000

Crossings II Limited Portage,
Dividend Housing Michigan
Association Limited
Partnership 432,000 432,000 5,812,000 6,952,000 862,000 6,090,000

EW, a Wisconsin Evansville,
Limited Partnership Wisconson 164,000 164,000 613,000 900,000 262,000 638,000

Garland Street Malvarn,
Limited Partnership Arkansas 164,000 164,000 690,000 927,000 273,000 654,000

Hereford Seniors Hereford,
Community, Ltd. Texas 167,000 167,000 796,000 1,005,000 167,000 838,000

 92

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2002

 ------------------------------ -------------------------------------------------------------
 AS OF MARCH 31, 2002 AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2001
- ---------------------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------------
 PARTNERSHIP'S
 TOTAL ORIGINAL MORTGAGE
 INVESTMENT IN AMOUNT OF LOANS OF PROPERTY
 LOCAL LIMITED LOCAL LIMITED INVESTMENT LOCAL LIMITED AND ACCUMULATED NET BOOK
 PARTNERSHIP NAME LOCATION PARTNERSHIPS PAID TO DATE PARTNERSHIPS EQUIPMENT DEPRECIATION VALUE
- -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Hickory Lane Newton,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 174,000 174,000 593,000 950,000 193,000 757,000

Honeysuckle Court Vidor,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 339,000 339,000 1,159,000 1,833,000 388,000 1,445,000

Klimpel Manor, Ltd. Fullerton, 1,774,000 1,774,000 1,297,000 3,588,000 754,000 2,834,000
 California

Lamesa Seniors Lamesa,
Community, Ltd. Texas 143,000 143,000 669,000 820,000 212,000 608,000

Laredo Heights Navasota,
Apartments Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 981,000 1,374,000 221,000 1,153,000

Mountainview Apartments North
Limited Partnership Wilkesboro,
 North Carolina 195,000 195,000 989,000 1,212,000 372,000 840,000

Palestine Seniors Palestine,
Community, Ltd. Texas 225,000 225,000 1,119,000 1,385,000 265,000 1,120,000

Pecan Grove Forrest City,
Limited Partnership Arkansas 240,000 240,000 1,104,000 1,417,000 427,000 990,000

Pioneer Street Bakersfield,
Associates California 2,222,000 2,222,000 1,836,000 4,087,000 1,023,000 3,064,000

Sidney Apartments Sidney,
I, Limited Partnership Nebraska 530,000 530,000 431,000 1,420,000 214,000 1,206,000

Southcove Associates Orange Cove,
 California 2,000,000 2,000,000 1,521,000 3,448,000 879,000 2,569,000

Walnut Turn Buna,
Associates, Ltd. Texas 188,000 188,000 686,000 1,040,000 214,000 826,000
 ------- ------- ------- --------- ------- -------

 12,033,000 12,033,000 26,069,000 41,818,000 8,489,000 33,329,000
 =========== =========== =========== ============ =========== ============

 93

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2002

 ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Apartment Housing of East
Brewton, Ltd. 116,000 (74,000) 1998 Completed 40 Years

Autumn Trace Associates, Ltd. 232,000 (33,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Broken Bow Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 49,000 (37,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Candleridge Apartments of Waukee
L.P. II 125,000 (9,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Chadwick Limited Partnership 189,000 (36,000) 1994 Completed 50 Years

Comanche Retirement Village, Ltd. 74,000 (13,000) 1994 Completed 30 Years

Crossings II Limited Dividend
Housing Association Limited
Partnership 738,000 (88,000) 1997 Completed 40 Years

EW, a Wisconsin Limited
Partnership 76,000 (33,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Garland Street Limited Partnership 76,000 (31,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Hereford Seniors Community, Ltd. 89,000 (11,000) 1995 Completed 40 Years

Hickory Lane Associates, Ltd 90,000 (26,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Honeysuckle Court Associates, Ltd. 202,000 (42,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Klimpel Manor, Ltd 398,000 (52,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Lamesa Seniors Community, Ltd.
 110,000 (43,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Laredo Heights Apartments Ltd. 181,000 (20,000) 1996 Completed 45 Years

Mountainview Apartments Limited
Partnership 99,000 (10,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

Palestine Seniors Community, Ltd. 134,000 (16,000) 1994 Completed 40 Years

 94

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2
SCHEDULE III
REAL ESTATE OWNED BY LOCAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS
MARCH 31, 2002

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2001
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 YEAR ESTIMATED
 LOCAL LIMITED NET INCOME INVESTMENT USEFUL LIFE
 PARTNERSHIP NAME RENTAL INCOME (LOSS) ACQUIRED STATUS (YEARS)
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Pecan Grove Limited Partnership 124,000 (41,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Pioneer Street Associates 487,000 (87,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years

Sidney Apartments I, Limited
Partnership 71,000 (36,000) 1996 Completed 40 Years

Southcove Associates 216,000 (120,000) 1994 Completed 27.5 Years

Walnut Turn Associates, Ltd. 91,000 (27,000) 1995 Completed 27.5 Years
 ------ -------

 3,967,000 (885,000)
 =========== ===========

95

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

WNC HOUSING TAX CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2

By: WNC & Associates, Inc.,
 General Partner

By: /s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr.
 --------------------------
 Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr.,
 President of WNC & Associates, Inc.

Date: March 17, 2007

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report
has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and
in the capacities and on the dates indicated.

By: /s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr.
 --------------------------
 Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr.,
 Chief Executive Officer, President and Director of WNC & Associates, Inc.
 (chief executive officer)

Date: March 17, 2007

By: /s/ Thomas J. Riha
 ------------------
 Thomas J. Riha,
 Senior Vice-President - Chief Financial Officer of WNC & Associates, Inc.
 (chief financial officer and chief accounting officer)

Date: March 17, 2007

By: /s/ Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr.
 --------------------------
 Wilfred N. Cooper, Sr.,
 Chairman of the Board of WNC & Associates, Inc.

Date: March 17, 2007

By: /s/ Kay L. Cooper
 -----------------
 Kay L. Cooper
 Director of WNC & Associates, Inc.

Date: March 17, 2007

 96

<EX-31>
 2
 ex312.txt
 EX312
 
 Exhibit 31-2
 CERTIFICATIONS

I, Thomas J. Riha, certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of WNC HOUSING TAX
 CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this annual report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
 registrant and we have:

 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
 material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this
 quarterly report is being prepared;

 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
 controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant's independent registered accounting firm
 and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions):

 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
 design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect in the
 registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
 financial information; and

 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
 internal control over financial reporting.

 Date: March 17, 2008

/s/ Thomas J. Riha
 ------------------

 Senior Vice-President - Chief Financial Officer of WNC & Associates,
 Inc.

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 3
 ex321.txt
 EX321
 
 EXHIBIT 32-1

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of WNC Housing Tax Credit
Fund IV, L.P., Series 2 (the "Partnership") for the years ended March 31, 2007,
2006, 2005, and 2004 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the "Report"), and pursuant to 18 U.S.C., section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Wilfred N. Cooper,
Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer of WNC & Associates, Inc., general
partner of the Partnership, hereby certify that:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent
 that (a) such provisions require certain audit reports of Local
 Limited Partnership financial statements to refer to the standards of
 the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; and (b) the annual
 report covers the six year period ended March 31, 2007, and includes
 disclosure required in the annual reports for the years ended March
 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 in addition to the year ended March 31, 2007;
 and

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Partnership.

/s/WILFRED N. COOPER, JR.
- -------------------------
Wilfred N. Cooper, Jr.
President and Chief Executive Officer of WNC & Associates, Inc.
March 17, 2008

</EX-32>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex322.txt
 EX322
 
 EXHIBIT 32-2

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of WNC Housing Tax Credit
Fund IV, L.P., Series 2 (the "Partnership") for the years ended March 31, 2007,
2006, 2005, and 2004 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the
date hereof (the "Report"), and pursuant to 18 U.S.C., section 1350, as adopted
pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Thomas J. Riha
Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of WNC & Associates, Inc.,
general partner of the Partnership, hereby certify that:

1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or
 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent
 that (a) such provisions require certain audit reports of Local
 Limited Partnership financial statements to refer to the standards of
 the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board; and (b) the annual
 report covers the six year period ended March 31, 2007, and includes
 disclosure required in the annual reports for the years ended March
 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004 in addition to the year ended March 31, 2007;
 and

2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all
 material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of
 the Partnership.

/s/THOMAS J. RIHA
- -----------------
Thomas J. Riha
Senior Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer of WNC & Associates, Inc.
March 17, 2008

</EX-32>

<EX-31>
 5
 ex311.txt
 EX 311
 
 Exhibit 31-1
 CERTIFICATIONS

I, Wilfred N. Coooper, Jr. certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of WNC HOUSING TAX
 CREDIT FUND IV, L.P., SERIES 2;

2. Based on my knowledge, this annual report does not contain any untrue
 statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances
 under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this annual report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this annual report, fairly present in all
 material respects the financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this annual report;

4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for
 establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as
 defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the
 registrant and we have:

 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that
 material information relating to the registrant, including its
 consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within
 those entities, particularly during the period in which this
 quarterly report is being prepared;

 (b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure
 controls and procedures and presented in this report our
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
 and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this
 report based on such evaluation; and

 (c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal
 control over financial reporting that occurred during the
 registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially
 affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
 registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed,
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant's independent registered accounting firm
 and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or
 persons performing the equivalent functions):

 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
 design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
 which are reasonably likely to adversely affect in the
 registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report
 financial information; and

 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or
 other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's
 internal control over financial reporting.

 Date: March 17, 2008

/s/ Wilfred N. Coooper, Jr.
 ---------------------------
 President and Chief Executive Officer of WNC & Associates, Inc.

</EX-31>

<EX-99>
 6
 pioneer.txt
 EXHIBIT 99.1 PIONEER, SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARY

- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BERNARD E. REA, CPA
- --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 CERTIFIED PUBLIC ACCOUNTANT

 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT

To the Partners
Pioneer Street Associates
(A California Limited Partnership)
Visalia, California

I have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Pioneer Street Associates (A
California Limited Partnership), as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the
related statements of income, partners' equity, and cash flows for the years
then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the
Partnership's management. My responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements based on my audits.

I conducted my audits in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted
in the United States of America. Those standards require that I plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a test basis,
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An
audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall financial
statement presentation. I believe that my audit provides a reasonable basis for
my opinion.

In my opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all
material respects, the financial position of Pioneer Street Associates (A
California Limited Partnership) as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended in
conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America.

 /s/ Bernard E. Rea, CPA

Stockton, California
February 20, 2004

- 1 -
P.O.BOX 4632 o STOCKTON, CA 95204 o TELEPHONE (209)933-9113 o FAX (209)933-9115
o EMAILBReaCPA@AOL.COM

C O N T E N T S

Page

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT ON
 THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS................................................ 1

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 Balance sheets..........................................................2-3
 Statements of income....................................................4-7
 Statements of changes in partners' equity............................... 8
 Statements of cash flows...............................................9-10
 Notes to financial statements.........................................11-14

2

PIONEER STREET ASSOCIATES
 (A California Limited Partnership)

 BALANCE SHEETS
 December 31, 2003 and 2002

2003 2002
 -------------- ---------------
 
 ASSETS
CURRENT ASSETS
 Cash 75,383 97,711
 Real estate tax and insurance 9,455 30,453
 Prepaid expense 10,741 7,734
 -------------- ----------------
 Total current assets 95,579 135,898
 -------------- ----------------

RESTRICTED DEPOSITS AND FUNDED RESERVES
 Tenants' security deposits 43,199 42,786
 Replacement reserve 148,761 172,897
 -------------- ----------------
 191,960 215,683
 -------------- ----------------

PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT, AT COST
 Land 300,000 300,000
 Buildings 3,646,889 3,619,266
 Equipment 178,017 178,017
 -------------- ----------------
 4,124,906 4,097,283
 Less accumulated depreciation 1,302,230 1,164,153
 -------------- ----------------
 2,822,676 2,933,130
 -------------- ----------------

OTHER ASSETS
 Deferred charges, less accumulated
 amortization of 25,739 and 22,655 40,111 43,195
 -------------- ---------------

 3,150,326 3,327,906
 ============== ================

See Notes to Financial Statements.
 - 3 -

PIONEER STREET ASSOCIATES
 (A California Limited Partnership)

 BALANCE SHEETS
 December 31, 2003 and 2002

2003 2002
 -------------- --------------
 
 LIABILITIES AND PARTNERS' EQUITY

CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Current maturities of long-term debt 30,987 28,564
 Accounts payable 5,243 4,293
 Accrued interest - - - -
 Accrued reporting fee 4,000 2,000
 Accrued property taxes - - - -
 -------------- --------------
 Total current liabilities 40,230 34,857
 -------------- --------------

DEPOSIT AND PREPAYMENT LIABILITIES
 Tenants' security deposits 35,600 35,600
 Prepaid rents - - - -
 -------------- --------------
 35,600 35,600
 -------------- --------------

LONG-TERM DEBT
 Mortgage payable, less current maturities 1,750,321 1,781,308
 -------------- --------------

COMMITMENT

PARTNERS' EQUITY 1,324,175 1,476,141
 -------------- --------------

 3,150,326 3,327,906
 ============== ==============

See Notes to Financial Statements.
 - 4 -

PIONEER STREET ASSOCIATES
 (A California Limited Partnership)

 STATEMENTS OF INCOME
 Years Ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

2003 2002
 -------------- ---------------
 
RENTAL INCOME
 Apartments 548,532 548,532
 Tenant assistance payments - - - -
 Furniture and equipment - - - -
 Commercial - - - -
 Parking spaces - - - -
 Subsidy income - - - -
 Miscellaneous - - - -
 -------------- ---------------
 Sub-total potential rent revenue 548,532 548,532
 -------------- ---------------

VACANCIES
 Apartments (17,696) (60,060)
 Commercial - - - -
 Parking spaces - - - -
 Miscellaneous - - - -
 -------------- ---------------
 Sub-total vacancies (17,696) (60,060)
 -------------- ---------------

 Net rental revenue 530,836 488,472
 -------------- ---------------

FINANCIAL REVENUE
 Interest Income - project operations 890 1,394
 Income from investments - replacement reserve 1,184 2,391
 Income from investments - operating reserve - - - -
 Income from investments - miscellaneous - - - -
 -------------- ---------------
 Sub-total financial revenue 2,074 3,785
 -------------- ---------------

OTHER REVENUE
 Laundry and vending 10,068 10,738
 NSF and late charges - - - -
 Damage and cleaning fees 24 103
 Forfeited tenant security deposits 6,157 13,014
 Other revenue 13,249 43,976
 -------------- ---------------
 Sub-total other revenue 29,498 67,831
 -------------- ---------------

 Total revenues 562,408 560,088
 ============== ==============

See Notes to Financial Statements.
 - 5 -

PIONEER STREET ASSOCIATES
 (A California Limited Partnership)

 STATEMENTS OF INCOME (CONTINUED)
 Years Ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

2003 2002
 -------------- --------------
 
OPERATING EXPENSES

 Renting expenses
 Advertising 132 31
 Miscellaneous renting expenses 2,825 3,275
 -------------- --------------
 Sub-total renting expenses 2,957 3,306
 -------------- --------------

 Administrative expenses
 Office salaries - - - -
 Office supplies 3,658 2,406
 Office rent - - - -
 Management fee 42,041 39,808
 Manager's salary 30,128 28,160
 Legal expense - - 4,877
 Audit expense 26,039 4,293
 Bookkeeping / accounting services 4,293 - -
 Telephone and answering service 1,114 1,083
 Bad debts - - - -
 Miscellaneous administrative expenses 205 3
 -------------- --------------
 Sub-total administrative expenses 107,478 80,630
 -------------- --------------

 Utilities expense
 Fuel oil / coal - - - -
 Electricity 9,488 8,765
 Water 14,585 10,162
 Gas - - - -
 Sewer - - - -
 -------------- --------------
 Sub-total utilities expense 24,073 18,927
 ============== ==============

See Notes to Financial Statements.
 - 6 -

PIONEER STREET ASSOCIATES
 (A California Limited Partnership)

 STATEMENTS OF INCOME (CONTINUED)
 Years Ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

2003 2002
 -------------- --------------
 
 Operating and maintenance expense
 Janitor and cleaning payroll - - - -
 Janitor and cleaning supplies - - - -
 Janitor and cleaning contract - - - -
 Exterminating payroll / contract - - - -
 Exterminating supplies - - - -
 Garbage and trash removal 17,020 16,987
 Security payroll / contract - - - -
 Grounds payroll - - - -
 Grounds supplies - - - -
 Grounds contract 23,680 21,294
 Repairs payroll 28,941 34,542
 Repairs material 19,206 21,434
 Repairs contract 19,356 20,097
 Elevator maintenance / contract - - - -
 Heating / cooling repairs and maintenance - - - -
 Swim pool maintenance / contract - - - -
 Snow removal - - - -
 Decorating payroll / contract - - - -
 Decorating supplies 2,577 2,250
 Vehicle and maintenance equipment o & r - - - -
 Miscellaneous operating and maint. expenses 17,430 19,778
 -------------- --------------
 Sub-total operating & maint. expense 128,210 136,382
 -------------- --------------

 Taxes and insurance
 Real estate taxes 8,288 - -
 Payroll taxes 5,789 6,042
 Miscellaneous taxes, licenses, and permits 975 975
 Property and liability insurance 9,882 7,605
 Fidelity bond insurance - - - -
 Workman's compensation 9,663 5,905
 Health insurance and other employee benefits 7,085 954
 Other insurance - - - -
 -------------- --------------
 Sub-total taxes & insurance 41,682 21,481
 -------------- --------------

 Total operating expenses 304,400 260,726
 ============== ==============

See Notes to Financial Statements.
 - 7 -

PIONEER STREET ASSOCIATES
 (A California Limited Partnership)

 STATEMENTS OF INCOME (CONTINUED)
 Years Ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

2003 2002
 -------------- --------------
 
OTHER EXPENSES
 Interest expense - mortgage 146,813 149,046
 Interest expense - notes - - - -
 Miscellaneous financial expense - - - -
 Depreciation and amortization 141,161 144,334
 Non project expenses 4,000 4,000
 -------------- --------------
 Sub-total other expenses 291,974 297,380
 -------------- --------------

 Total expenses 596,374 558,106
 -------------- --------------

 Net income (loss) (33,966) 1,982
 ============== ==============

See Notes to Financial Statements.
 - 8 -

PIONEER STREET ASSOCIATES
 (A California Limited Partnership)

 STATEMENTS OF PARTNERS' EQUITY
 Years Ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

General Limited
 Total Partners Partner
 ------------ ------------- -------------
 
Partners' equity
 December 31, 2001 1,512,159 (254,320) 1,766,479

Partners' capital
 contributions - - - - - -

Partners' capital
 distributions (38,000) (38,000) - -

Net income (loss) 1,982 20 1,962
 ------------ ------------- ------------

Partners' equity
 December 31, 2002 1,476,141 (292,300) 1,768,441

Partners' capital
 contributions - - - - - -

Partners' capital
 distributions (118,000) (118,000) - -

Net income (loss) (33,966) (340) (33,626)
 ------------ ------------- -------------

Partners' equity
 December 31, 2003 1,324,175 (410,640) 1,734,815
 ============ ============= =============
Percentage at
 December 31, 2003 100 1 99 
 ============ ============= =============

See Notes to Financial Statements.
 - 9 -

PIONEER STREET ASSOCIATES
 (A California Limited Partnership)

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
 Years Ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

2003 2002
 -------------- --------------
 
CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 Net income (loss) (33,966) 1,982
 Adjustments to reconcile net income
 (loss) to net cash provided by
 (used in) operating activities:
 Depreciation and amortization 141,161 144,334
 Change in assets and liabilities:
 Decrease (increase) in:
 Rents receivable - - - -
 Prepaid expenses (3,007) (1,676)
 Tenants' security deposits (413) (637)
 Tax and insurance impounds 20,998 (21,644)
 Increase (decrease) in:
 Accounts payable 950 4,293
 Bank overdraft - - - -
 Accrued reporting fee 2,000 (2,000)
 Accrued interest - - - -
 Prepaid rents - - - -
 Tenants' security deposits - - 350
 -------------- --------------
 Net cash provided by (used in)
 operating activities 127,723 125,002
 -------------- --------------

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
 Funding of replacement reserve (5,837) (4,718)
 Withdrawals from replacement reserve 29,973 13,088
 Acquisition of property and equipment (27,623) (10,356)
 -------------- --------------
 Net cash provided by (used in)
 investing activities (3,487) (1,986)
 -------------- ---------------
CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
 Partner contributions - - - -
 Partner distributions (118,000) (38,000)
 Principal payments on long-term debt (28,564) (26,331)
 -------------- ---------------
 Net cash provided by (used in)
 financing activities (146,564) (64,331)
 ============== ===============

See Notes to Financial Statements.
 - 10 -

PIONEER STREET ASSOCIATES
 (A California Limited Partnership)

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
 Years Ended December 31, 2003 and 2002

2003 2002
 -------------- --------------

Increase (decrease) in cash and
 cash equivalents (22,328) 58,685

Cash and cash equivalents
 Beginning 97,711 39,026
 -------------- ---------------

 Ending 75,383 97,711
 ============== ===============

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW
 INFORMATION
 Cash paid during the year for interest, net
 of capitalized interest 146,813 149,046
 ============== ===============

See Notes to Financial Statements.
 - 11 -

PIONEER STREET ASSOCIATES
 (A California Limited Partnership)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

 A summary of the Partnership's significant accounting policies consistently
 applied in the preparation of the accompanying financial statements
 follows.

 BASIS OF ACCOUNTING
 -------------------

 The financial statements of the partnership are prepared on the accrual
 basis of accounting and in accordance with accounting principles generally
 accepted in the United States of America.

 CAPITALIZATION AND DEPRECIATION
 -------------------------------

 Land, buildings and improvements are recorded at cost. Depreciation of
 buildings and equipment is computed principally using the Modified
 Accelerated Cost Recovery System which approximates straight-line for
 buildings and double-declining balance for equipment over the following
 estimated useful lives:
 Years
 -----

 Buildings 27.5
 Equipment 7

 Improvements are capitalized, while expenditures for maintenance and
 repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Upon disposal of depreciable
 property, the appropriate property accounts are reduced by the related
 costs and accumulated depreciation. The resulting gains and losses are
 reflected in the statement of operations.

 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
 -------------------------

 For purposes of reporting the statements of cash flows, the Partnership
 includes all cash accounts which are not subject to withdrawal restrictions
 or penalties, and all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with a
 maturity of three months or less as cash and cash equivalents on the
 accompanying balance sheet.

 AMORTIZATION
 ------------

 Deferred charges are amortized over the following estimated useful lives
 using the straight-line method:

Years
 -----

 Deferred debt expense 30
 Tax credit monitoring fee 15

 INCOME TAXES
 ------------

 No provision or benefit for income taxes has been included in these
 financial statements since taxable income or loss passes through to, and is
 reportable by, the partners individually.

- 12 -
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 1 - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

 ESTIMATES
 ---------

 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
 management to make estimates and assumptions. These assumptions affect the
 reported amounts of assets, liabilities and the amount of any contingent
 assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the
 reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period.
 Actual results could differ from the estimates made.

 PERSONAL ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
 -------------------------------

 In accordance with the generally accepted method of presenting partnership
 financial statements, the financial statements do not include the personal
 assets and liabilities of the partners, including their obligation for
 income taxes on their distributive shares of the net income of the
 Partnership, nor any provision for income tax expense.

 SFAS NO. 144
 ------------

 Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 144 requires that
 long-lived assets and certain identifiable intangibles held and used by a
 entity be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in
 circumstances that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
 The adoption of SFAS No. 144 has not materially affected the partnership's
 reported earnings, financial condition or cash flows.

NOTE 2 - ORGANIZATION

 Pioneer Street Associates is a California Limited Partnership which was
 formed in February 1994, to develop, construct, own, maintain and operate a
 112-unit multi-family apartment complex known as Foothill Vista Apartments
 and is located in the city of Bakersfield, California. The major activities
 of the Partnership are governed by the Partnership Agreement and Loan
 Agreement with the California Community Reinvestment Corporation (CCRC), a
 California nonprofit public benefit corporation. Under the Loan Agreement,
 the Partnership is required to provide low cost housing to moderate or
 low-income households.

 The Partnership has three general partners and one investing limited
 partner. Partnership transactions with the general partners are described
 in other notes to this financial statement.

NOTE 3 - DEFERRED CHARGES

 Deferred charges as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, consists of the
 following:

 2003 2002
 ------------- -------------
 Deferred debt expense 39,200 39,200
 Tax credit monitoring fee 26,650 26,650
 ------------- -------------
 65,850 65,850
 Less accumulated amortization 25,739 22,655
 ------------- -------------
 40,111 43,195
 ============= =============

 - 13 -
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 4 - RESTRICTED DEPOSITS AND FUNDED RESERVES

 In accordance with the Partnership and the CCRC Replacement Reserve
 Agreements, the Partnership is required to maintain a replacement reserve
 account. The account is to be funded annually in the amount of 28,000
 until the aggregate balance of the account reaches 182,000.

NOTE 5 - LONG-TERM DEBT

 Long-Term debt consisted of a permanent loan with CCRC in face amount of
 1,960,000.

 Under the terms of the 30-year Promissory Note with CCRC, the loan provides
 for an initial interest rate of 8.17 and monthly payments of 14,614.74
 commencing on November 1, 1995, and continuing through September 2025. The
 interest rate and monthly payment will be adjusted at year eleven (11) and
 year Twenty-one (21), at which time the interest rate will be adjusted
 based on the Current Index plus 2.75 and the payment will be adjusted and
 determined by the amount of the monthly payment that would be sufficient to
 repay the note within 360 months of the initial payment date. As of
 December 31, 2003, the current interest rate and minimum monthly payment
 due is 8.17 and 14,617.74, respectively.

 The apartment complex is pledged as collateral for the mortgage and is
 secured by deeds of trust, assignment of rents, security agreements and
 fixture filings against the property.

 Aggregate maturities of Long-term debt for the next five years are as
 follows:

 December 31, 2004 30,987
 2005 33,616
 2006 36,468
 2007 39,561
 2008 42,917
 Thereafter 1,597,759
 -------------
 TOTAL 1,781,308
 =============

NOTE 6 - TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES AND RELATED PARTIES

 ANNUAL REPORTING FEE
 --------------------

 An annual reporting fee of 2,000 is payable to the limited partner, WNC
 California Housing Tax Credit Fund IV, L.P. Series 2, an investor limited
 partner which holds a 99 interest in the partnership, for services to be
 rendered for accounting matters relating to preparation of tax returns and
 other reports required.

 ANNUAL PARTNERSHIP ADMINISTRATIVE FEE
 -------------------------------------

 An annual partnership administrative fee of 2,000 is payable to the
 general partners, for their services to be rendered in connection with the
 administration of the day to day business of the Partnership.

- 14 -
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

NOTE 6 - TRANSACTIONS WITH AFFILIATES AND RELATED PARTIES (CONTINUED)

MANAGEMENT FEE
 --------------

 In accordance with the management agreement, the Partnership paid Tetra
 Property Management Company, affiliates of one of the general partners, a
 management fee during 2003 and 2002 in the amounts of 42,041 and 39,808,
 respectively, for services rendered in connection with the leasing and
 operation of the project. The fee for its services is approximately 8 of
 the project's rental income.

NOTE 7 - CONCENTRATION OF CREDIT RISK

 The Partnership maintains cash and cash equivalents at two financial
 institutions located in California. The accounts are insured by the Federal
 Deposit Insurance Corporation up to 100,000 per financial institution. At
 December 31, 2003, the Partnership's uninsured cash balances totaled
 76,798.

NOTE 8 - COMMITMENT

 The Partnership entered into a Regulatory Agreement with the Tax Credit
 Allocation Committee (TCAC), established under Section 50185 of the Health
 and Safety Code of the State of California. Under this Agreement, the
 Partnership shall maintain the project as a Qualified Low-income Housing
 Project for a period of 55 consecutive taxable years beginning with 1995,
 the first taxable year of the Credit Period. In exchange for this
 agreement, TCAC has authorized an allocation relating to the low-income
 housing credit under the provisions of Section 42 of the Internal Revenue
 Code.

NOTE 9 - CURRENT VULNERABILITY DUE TO CERTAIN CONCENTRATIONS

 The Partnership's sole asset is Foothill Vista Apartments. The
 Partnership's operations are concentrated in the multifamily real estate
 market.

-15-

</EX-99>

