<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20100607_10-K_edgar_data_1435736_0001165527-10-000421.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>155101</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133575</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>613</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>2</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001165527-10-000421.hdr.sgml : 20100607
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20100604174016
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001165527-10-000421
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		3
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20100331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20100607
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20100604

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kryptic Entertainment Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001435736
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		IRS NUMBER:				830510954

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53274
		FILM NUMBER:		10879850

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 N RAINBOW BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 208
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89107
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(702) 948-5013

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		800 N RAINBOW BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 208
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89107

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 QZSHoGk83xpmKSdYZxOuvG2oh0N97bSrt8Han8i9eNLyHMohxohZdq4XN2I9qCP2
 rX9CBKSHFXKR250qYKihcA==

 0001165527-10-000421.txt : 20100607

10-K
 1
 g4139.txt
 ANNUAL REPORT FOR THE YEAR ENDED 3-31-10
 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
 Washington, D.C. 20549

 FORM 10-K

(Mark One)
[X] ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934

 For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010

 OR
[ ] TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
 ACT OF 1934

 For the transition period from ______________ to ______________

 Commission File Number 000-53274

KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

 NEVADA 83-0510954
(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer
 incorporation or organization) Identification No.)

Suite 208, 800 N. Rainbow Blvd. Las Vegas, NV 89107
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code)

 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: 702.460.6392

 Securities registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:

Title of each class Name of each exchange on which registered
- ------------------- -----------------------------------------
 None None

 Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:

 Common Stock, 0.001 Par Value
 (Title of class)

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section
13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

Check if there is no disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of
Regulation S-B is not contained in this form, and no disclosure will be
contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or
information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K
or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer" and "smaller
reporting company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act:

Large accelerated filer [ ] Accelerated filer [ ]
Non-accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company [X]

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in
Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [X] No [ ]

Aggregate market value of the voting common equity at September 30, 2009 held by
non-affiliates (computed by reference to the price at which the common equity
was sold): 49,950.00

Number of common voting shares outstanding as of June 3, 2010: 5,499,000
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS

 Page
 ----

PART I
Item 1. Description of Business and Risk Factors 3
Item 2. Properties 16
Item 3. Legal Proceedings 16

PART II
Item 5. Market For Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
 Matters 16
Item 7. Plan of Operation 18
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 20
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure 21
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 21
Item 9B. Other Information 23

PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, Promoters and Control Persons 23
Item 11. Executive Compensation 24
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 26
Item 13. Certain Relationships, Related Transactions and Director
 Independence 27
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 27
Item 15. Exhibits and 8-K Filings 28

Signatures 29

 2
 
 PART I

ITEM 1. DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS.

Kryptic Entertainment Inc. was incorporated on October 11, 2007, in the State of
Nevada. Our principal executive offices are located Suite 208, 800 N Rainbow
Blvd, Las Vegas, NV, 89107. Our telephone number is (702) 460-6392. We are a
development stage company with no revenue and limited operations to date. Our
common stock is quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol "KTCE".

Since incorporation, we have not made any significant purchases or sale of
assets, nor have we been involved in any mergers, acquisitions or
consolidations. We have never declared bankruptcy, or been in receivership, and
have never been involved in any legal action or proceedings.

PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS AND SERVICES

Our company's business is focused on the development and sale of internet based
interactive entertainment games for use by the general public. Video and
interactive entertainment games are currently played by a large majority of the
American population and represent a rapidly growing and profitable industry. We
are in the early stages of developing our first game that we have named "Krypton
Jam". We currently have no revenues and no user subscriptions for our game. We
anticipate that we will not have a commercial product for at least 24 months,
dependent on the successful raise of approximately 2.5-3 million in additional
financing to complete development of a demonstration model and then commercially
launch our game.

Krypton Jam is planned to provide an engaging online game experience not
currently available in the interactive video gaming industry. It is being
designed to be a massive multiplayer online game ("MMOG") that will blend the
characteristics of fantasy and sports in an engaging and intense environment.
MMOG games are recognized for their peculiar combination of "escapist fantasy"
and "social realism" in settings and the building of relationships, status and
solidarity. We believe MMOG games will continue to experience significant growth
and represent the next watershed in electronic games for the following reasons:

 The games offer regular content updates with changing story lines
 through downloads and flexible architecture, keeping the game dynamic
 and fresh for players
 The games extend the realism of game play through cutting edge
 technology, which makes the player feel they are actually part of the
 environment
 The games create new opportunities to foster competition and mutual
 aid, by engaging mutual friends or players in a `combat', team or
 support situation
 The games present a compelling new social environment, and an
 opportunity to meet new friends and share similar mind frames,
 existence, and survival techniques.
 The games offer a recurring revenue source for game companies

When complete, Kyrpton Jam will be competing in the entertainment industry for
the leisure time and discretionary spending of consumers with all other forms of
entertainment media. Our competitors vary in size and cost structure from very
small companies with limited resources to very large, diversified corporations
with greater financial and marketing resources than ours. We are considered the
smallest as we do not currently have a commercial product yet available for sale
or use. Our business is driven by hit titles, which will require us to invest
significantly in production and in marketing. Our direct competition in the MMOG
market segment is highly competitive and characterized by frequent product
introductions, new business models and new platforms. As the proportion of
households with an internet broadband connection increases, we expect new
competitors to enter the market and existing competitors to allocate more
resources toward developing online games. As a result, we expect competition in
the online games market segment to intensify.

We will be competing with large multi national public companies such as
Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony, who develop and mass market their own proprietary
hardware platforms for a large variety of games and publish software for their
respective systems. Our current and potential competitors in the online games
market segment include major media companies, traditional video game publishing
companies, and companies that specialize in online games. In the mid and long
session MMOG online game segment, which our product is planned for, our

 3
 
competitors include Electronic Arts, Jagex, Midway, NC Soft, Ankama Games, Sony
and Vivendi. Hits have captured a significant percentage of overall subscribers
and this trend is expected to continue. Blizzard Entertainment, a division of
Vivendi is the largest competitor in the MMOG market segment with its Wizard of
Warcraft game.

In order for our company and our game to be successful we must play close
attention to all of our direct and indirect competitors. We plan on carefully
investigating the competition and their respective games on a regular basis, and
carefully analyze the positive and negative elements of their games, pricing,
and possible threats to us. If we fail to do so, our business will likely fail.

In order for our game to be a success, it also must offer:

 Differentiated & Dynamic Quality Content - Krypton Jam is planned to
 offer a visual experience like no other. Attention to detail will be
 essential to ensure that the characters and environment look on par if
 not superior to other games of its caliber. At the same time, the game
 must continue to develop a story that is extremely interesting to its
 players. The content will be dynamic with twists in the story and game
 that will keep players engaged. This will become more important as
 additional competitors enter the market with similar games.
 Empowerment - The target audience must feel that they have a `say' in
 what happens to the characters in the game, giving the player the
 illusion and pleasure of taking action without having to deal with the
 responsibility and repercussions of such actions. We plan on setting
 up chat rooms on the Krypton Jam web site that will encourage the
 audience to talk about their experiences and share thoughts on the
 game, thus capturing their loyalty and making the site a part of their
 daily lives so the characters become "real" to them.
 Entertainment - The target audience needs to be drawn to the
 experience, and made to forget about the reality around them while
 they focus on the new cyber-world that Krypton Jam presents to them.
 The experience needs to be commanding so that it becomes a topic of
 conversation among the consumers' friends and colleagues.
 Customer Focused - We plan to provide content updates to Krypton Jam
 to provide an ongoing captive experience for the user and ensure that
 they leave the game happy, keen to relate their entertainment
 experience to all their friends and anxious to log-on to enjoy the
 next competition, hopefully bringing friends to share the experience.
 Customer complaints or suggestions will be dealt with to the best of
 our ability to ensure customer satisfaction, thus encouraging positive
 word of mouth recommendations of our product.

We believe Krypton Jam, when completed, will potentially provide the user with
an experience of true team play, combining fast-paced fantasy quest style
adventure and sports action, without the extreme violence and death typical of
most currently available games. Our genre was designed to support positive
messages and resolution of conflict through team work. The ultimate goal of the
game is winning the title of "Master of the Kryptic Realms" by competing in
quests and against various creatures on the basketball court. Each character
within Krypton Jam will have its own strengths and weaknesses, abilities and
magic. A diversified team will be required for any given competitor to win. Each
court will have different attributes and obstacles to challenge or assist the
players. As the tournament progresses, the challenges and geography of the
courts will become increasingly complex. The quests will allow players to obtain
new powers that are not initially accessible when creating their characters,
giving advantages to those characters that succeed on both the court and on
daring quests. We are also planning to add new characters, environments,
story-line twists and secrets on a regular basis to keep the game fresh for the
players, and interactive social chat rooms to avoid the downfalls of many
previous on-line multi-player games, which typically become redundant and stale
for the users over time.

We must complete 2 remaining major development milestones prior to having our
game available for commercial sale. Our DVD trailer, the first development
milestone, was completed and uploaded to our website prior during our previous
fiscal year ended March 31, 2009. The trailer contains summary representations
of our proposed game, characters and realm development. We believe the trailer
provides a visually engaging and dynamic representation through motion graphics
and special effects to illustrate the key components and processes of the
Krypton Jam game. We are using it for presentations to the industry and
financial community to attract financing and gain feedback on our concept.

 4
 
Our next major development milestone is the playable demo. Development of the
playable demo is dependent on the successful raise of additional financing. We
require approximately 900,000 for successful completion of this milestone (See
"Plan of Operation"). The development and completion of the playable demo is
anticipated to take approximately 12 months from the date we obtain financing.
The most important initial aspect of playable demo phase is selection of a
suitable back-end game engine. A cost-effective and robust game engine will be
critical to the success of the playable demo to ensure it meets the complexities
of our title in-game graphics, and character/realm/quest complexities associated
with a sports-based fantasy game.

Subsequent to the completion of the playable demo, we will require at least
 1.5-2 million and 12 months for the development and production of our actual
game. This task is also highly dependent on the third party development team we
ultimately choose, and it must include an experienced group of creative,
production, and technical professionals. A third party development team will
assemble the necessary creative elements to complete our game using, where
appropriate, outside programmers, artists, animators, scriptwriters, musicians
and songwriters, sound effects and special effects experts, and sound and video
studios. Because we are at least 12 months away from starting the development of
the actual game, any significant change in these circumstances could materially
impact our ability to complete the game, our cash requirements and our
operations.

As of the date hereof, we have not been successful in raising the additional
funding necessary to complete the remaining milestones. Historically, we have
been able to raise a limited amount of capital through private placements of our
equity stock, but we are uncertain about our continued ability to raise funds
privately. The recent credit crisis has only made our situation more difficult,
because investors who were historically receptive to startup situations have
become reluctant to invest in this environment. Our current cash balances are
only sufficient to meet our regulatory obligations for this annual report. Our
President and Director has indicated that he will provide unsecured loans to
meet only our basic operating and regulatory obligations for the next fiscal
year.

On November 5, 2009 Mr. John Lagourgue resigned as our President, CEO and
Director. Mr. Shan Qiang, our Secretary Treasurer and Director agreed to assume
these duties and became our sole Officer and Director. Concurrent with his
appointment, he has been analyzing the various alternatives available to our
company to ensure our survival and to preserve our shareholder's investment in
our common shares. This analysis has included sourcing additional forms of
financing to continue our business as is, or mergers and/or acquisitions which
would likely involve a change of business. At this stage in our operations, we
believe either course is acceptable, as our operations have not been profitable
and our future prospects for our business are not good without further
significant financing.

We anticipate that any new acquisition or business opportunities identified by
our company will require significant additional financing. There can be no
assurance, however, that we will be able to acquire the financing necessary to
enable us to pursue our plan of operation. If our company requires additional
financing and we are unable to acquire such funds, our business may fail.

In implementing a structure for a particular business acquisition or
opportunity, we may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization,
joint venture, or licensing agreement with another corporation or entity. We may
also acquire stock or assets of an existing business. Upon the consummation of a
transaction, it is likely that our present management will no longer be in
control of our company and our existing business will close down. In addition,
it is likely that our officers and directors will, as part of the terms of the
acquisition transaction, resign and be replaced by one or more new officers and
directors.

We anticipate that the selection of a business opportunity in which to
participate will be complex and without certainty of success. Management
believes that there are numerous firms in various industries seeking the
perceived benefits of being a publicly registered corporation. Business
opportunities may be available in many different industries and at various
stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative
investigation and analysis of such business opportunities extremely difficult
and complex.

We may seek a business opportunity with entities who have recently commenced
operations, or entities who wish to utilize the public marketplace in order to
raise additional capital in order to expand business development activities, to
develop a new product or service, or for other corporate purposes. We may

 5
 
acquire assets and establish wholly-owned subsidiaries in various businesses or
acquire existing businesses as subsidiaries.

Mr. Qiang is undertaking the search for and analysis of new business
opportunities. He is not a professional business analyst. In seeking or
analyzing prospective business opportunities, Mr. Qiang may utilize the services
of outside consultants or advisors. At this stage, we can provide no assurance
that we will be able to locate compatible business opportunities, what
additional financing we will require to complete a combination or merger with
another business opportunity, or whether the opportunity's operations will be
profitable. Further, we believe that our company may have more difficulties
raising capital for our existing business than for a new business opportunity.
We have not yet entered into preliminary negotiations with prospective business
entities or formal written agreements for a business combination or opportunity.
If any such agreement is reached, we intend to disclose such an agreement by
filing a current report on Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

If we are unable to secure adequate capital to continue our business or
alternatively, complete a merger or acquisition, our shareholders will lose some
or all of their investment and our business will likely fail.

PATENT, TRADEMARK, LICENSE & FRANCHISE RESTRICTIONS AND CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS
& CONCESSIONS

We currently do not own any intellectual property have not obtained any
copyrights, patents or trademarks in respect of any intellectual property. We do
not anticipate copyrighting or trade marking any assets over the next 12 months,
unless circumstances change as a result of a merger or acquisition of a new
business opportunity.

We have not entered into any franchise agreements or other contracts that have
given, or could give rise to obligations or concessions.

EXISTING OR PROBABLE GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS

There are no existing government regulations, nor are we aware of any
regulations being contemplated, that would adversely affect our ability to
operate. There may regulations that apply to new acquisitions or mergers with
another unrelated business.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES AND COSTS

We currently lack financing to undertake software development activities to
complete our playable demo and commercial game. Should we be successful, we plan
to immediately commence with the development of the playable demo. Further
software development activities are planned for the following year to complete
actual game development. If we are not successful in raising financing for our
game, an acquisition or merger with another business opportunity may necessitate
the need for research and development activities related to the business.

COMPLIANCE WITH ENVIRONMENTAL LAWS

We are not aware of any environmental laws that have been enacted, nor are we
aware of any such laws being contemplated for the future, that address issues
specific to our existing business. There may be laws that apply to new
acquisitions or mergers with another unrelated business.

FACILITIES

We rent executive office facilities located at Suite 208, 800 N. Rainbow Blvd.,
Las Vegas, NV, 89107. This is a shared office facility, which offers office
space and secretarial and administrative services for 150 monthly. We may
cancel upon 30 days written notice. This location serves as our primary
executive offices. Mr. Qiang also works from his residence in China at no charge
to our company. We do not foresee any changes to these arrangements unless we
obtain suitable financing to continue with our existing business or until we
merge with or acquire another business.

 6
 
EMPLOYEES

Mr Qiang, our sole officer and director, is responsible for all planning,
developing and operational duties, and will continue to do so until we either
obtain suitable financing to continue with and expand our business or until we
merge or acquire a new business. Human resource planning will be part of an
ongoing process that will include regular evaluation of our operations and
revenue realization.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

We have no off-balance sheet arrangements

RISK FACTORS

You should carefully consider the following risk factors and all other
information contained herein as well as the information included in this Annual
Report in evaluating our business and prospects. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones we face. Additional unknown risks and
uncertainties, or that we currently believe are immaterial, may also impair our
business operations. If any of the following risks occur, our business and
financial results could be harmed. You should refer to the other information
contained in this Annual Report, including our financial statements and the
related notes.

Much of the information included in this Annual Report includes or is based upon
estimates, projections or other "forward-looking statements". Such
forward-looking statements include any projections or estimates made by us and
our management in connection with our business operations. While these
forward-looking statements, and any assumptions upon which they are based, are
made in good faith and reflect our current judgment regarding the direction of
our business, actual results will almost always vary, sometimes materially, from
any estimates, predictions, projections, assumptions, or other future
performance suggested herein. We undertake no obligation to update
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after
the date of such statements.

Such estimates, projections or other "forward-looking statements" involve
various risks and uncertainties as outlined below. We caution readers of this
quarterly report that important factors in some cases have affected and, in the
future, could materially affect actual results and cause actual results to
differ materially from the results expressed in any such estimates, projections
or other "forward-looking statements". In evaluating us, our business and any
investment in our business, readers should carefully consider the following
factors.

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR EXISTING BUSINESS

WE HAVE NO OPERATING HISTORY AND HAVE MAINTAINED LOSSES SINCE INCEPTION, WHICH
WE EXPECT TO CONTINUE INTO THE FUTURE.

We were incorporated on October 11, 2007, and have very limited operations. We
have not realized any revenues to date. Our proposed video game product is under
development and is not ready for commercial sale. We have no operating history
at all upon which an evaluation of our future success or failure can be made.
Our net loss from inception to March 31, 2010 is (73,211). Based upon our
proposed plans, we expect to incur operating losses in future periods. This will
happen because there are substantial costs and expenses associated with the
development, marketing and distribution of our product. We may fail to generate
revenues in the future. If we cannot attract a significant number of
subscribers, we will not be able to generate any significant revenues or income.
Failure to generate revenues will cause us to go out of business because we will
not have the money to pay our ongoing expenses.

In particular, additional capital may be required in the event that:

 - the actual expenditures required to be made are at or above the higher
 range of our estimated expenditures;
 - we incur unexpected costs in completing the development of our product
 or encounter any unexpected difficulties;

 7
 
 - we incur delays and additional expenses related to the development of
 our product or a commercial market for our product;
 - we are unable to create a substantial market for our products; or
 - we incur any significant unanticipated expenses.

The occurrence of any of the aforementioned events could adversely affect our
ability to meet our business plans and achieve a profitable level of operations.

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO OBTAIN THE NECESSARY FINANCING TO IMPLEMENT OUR BUSINESS
PLAN WE WILL NOT HAVE THE MONEY TO PAY OUR ONGOING EXPENSES AND WE MAY GO OUT OF
BUSINESS.

Because we have not generated any revenue from our business, and we are at least
24 months away from being in a position to generate revenues, we will need to
raise significant, additional funds for the future development of our business
and to respond to unanticipated requirements or expenses. Our current cash
balances are only sufficient to meet our regulatory obligations for this annual
report. Our President and Director has indicated that he will only provide
unsecured loans to meet only our basic operating and regulatory obligations for
the next fiscal year.

Our ability to successfully develop our product and to eventually produce and
sell it to generate operating revenues also depends on our ability to obtain the
necessary financing to implement our business plan. Given that we have no
operating history, no revenues and only losses to date, we may not be able to
achieve this goal, and if this occurs we will not be able to pay our development
and marketing costs and we may go out of business. We may need to issue
additional equity securities in the future to raise the necessary funds. We do
not currently have any arrangements for additional financing and we can provide
no assurance to investors we will be able to find such financing if further
funding is required. Obtaining additional financing would be subject to a number
of factors, including investor acceptance of our planned video game and our
business model. The issuance of additional equity securities by us would result
in a significant dilution in the equity interests of our current stockholders.
The resale of shares by our existing shareholders pursuant to this prospectus
may result in significant downward pressure on the price of our common stock and
cause negative impact on our ability to sell additional equity securities.
Obtaining loans will increase our liabilities and future cash commitments, and
there can be no assurance that we will even have sufficient funds to repay our
future indebtedness or that we will not default on our future debts if we were
able to even obtain loans.

There can be no assurance that capital will continue to be available if
necessary to meet future funding needs or, if the capital is available, that it
will be on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to obtain financing in the
amounts and on terms deemed acceptable to us, we may be forced to scale back or
cease operations, which might result in the loss of some or all of your
investment in our common stock.

IF OUR ESTIMATES RELATED TO EXPENDITURES ARE ERRONEOUS OUR BUSINESS WILL FAIL
AND YOU WILL LOSE YOUR ENTIRE INVESTMENT.

Our success is dependent in part upon the accuracy of our management's estimates
of expenditures, which includes an additional 2.5-3 million to complete the
development our game for commercial use. If such estimates are erroneous or
inaccurate we may not be able to carry out our business plan, which could, in a
worst-case scenario, result in the failure of our business and you losing your
entire investment.

OUR BUSINESS MODEL MAY NOT BE SUFFICIENT TO ENSURE OUR SUCCESS IN OUR INTENDED
MARKET

Our survival is currently dependent upon the success of our efforts to gain
market acceptance of one online video game that will ultimately represent a
small sector in our targeted industry when it is completed. Should our target
market not be as responsive to subscribe to our game as we anticipate, we may
not have in place alternate products or services that we can offer to ensure our
survival.

While many new products such at one that we are planning are regularly
introduced, only a relatively small number of "hit" titles account for a
significant portion of net revenue in our industry. Our product may not be a
"hit", or competitors may develop titles that imitate or compete with our "hit"
title, and take sales away from us or reduce our ability to command profitable
revenue streams for our game. Hit products published by our competitors may take

 8
 
a larger share of consumer spending than we anticipate, which could cause our
game revenues to fall below our expectations. If our competitors develop more
successful products or offer competitive products at lower price, our revenue,
margins, and profitability will decline.

PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT SCHEDULES ARE LONG AND FREQUENTLY UNPREDICTABLE, AND WE MAY
EXPERIENCE DELAYS IN INTRODUCING OUR PRODUCT, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR
REVENUES.

The development cycle for products such as that we are planning is long. We
currently believe that the cycle for Krypton Jam will take at least another 24
months. In addition, the creative process inherent in video game development
makes the length of the development cycle difficult to predict. As a result we
may experience delays in introducing our product. If an unanticipated delay
affects the release of our online video game, we may not achieve anticipated
revenues. Revenues will also be adversely affected if the game is delayed until
after an important selling season or if market interest in the subject matter of
our game declines from what we believe it is at present. A delay in introducing
a new video game could also require us to spend more development resources to
complete the game, which would increase our costs and lower our margins, or
cause us to experience losses.

TECHNOLOGY CHANGES RAPIDLY IN OUR BUSINESS AND IF WE FAIL TO ANTICIPATE OR
SUCCESSFULLY IMPLEMENT NEW TECHNOLOGIES OR THE MANNER IN WHICH PEOPLE PLAY OUR
GAME, THE QUALITY, TIMELINESS AND COMPETITIVENESS OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
WILL SUFFER.

Rapid technology changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes
years in advance, which technologies we must implement and take advantage of in
order to make our products and services competitive in the market. Therefore, we
must start our product development with a range of technical development goals
that we hope to be able to achieve. We may not be able to achieve these goals,
or our competition may be able to achieve them more quickly and effectively than
we can. In either case, our products and services may be technologically
inferior to our competitors', less appealing to consumers, or both. If we cannot
achieve our technology goals within the original development schedule of our
products and services, then we may delay their release until these technology
goals can be achieved, which may delay or reduce revenue and increase our
development expenses. Alternatively, we may increase the resources employed in
research and development in an attempt to accelerate our development of new
technologies, either to preserve our product or service launch schedule or to
keep up with our competition, which would increase our development expenses. Any
such failure to adapt to, and appropriately allocate resources among, emerging
technologies would harm our competitive position, reduce our market share and
significantly increase the time we take to bring our product to market.

WE WILL BE DEPENDENT ON THIRD PARTIES TO DEVELOP OUR PLAYABLE DEMO AND OUR
ONLINE VIDEO GAME. ANY INCREASE IN THE AMOUNTS WE HAVE TO PAY TO HAVE OUR GAME
DEVELOPED OR ANY DELAY OR INTERRUPTION IN PRODUCTION WOULD NEGATIVELY AFFECT
BOTH OUR ABILITY TO MAKE A TIMELY INTRODUCTION, GENERATE REVENUES AND OUR
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

We are planning to use third parties to develop Krypton Jam. We will have less
control over third parties because we cannot control their personnel, schedule
or resources. Any of these factors could cause a game not to meet our quality
standards or expectations, or not to be completed on time or at all. If this
happens, we could lose anticipated revenues, or our entire investment in Krypton
Jam.

IF WE ARE UNABLE TO COMPLETE THE DEVELOPMENT OF OUR ONINE VIDEO GAME WE WILL NOT
BE ABLE TO GENERATE REVENUES AND YOU WILL LOSE YOUR INVESTMENT.

We have not completed development of Krypton Jam program and we have no revenues
from the sale or use of our online video game. The success of our proposed
business will depend on the completion and the acceptance of our game by the
general public. Achieving such acceptance will require significant marketing
investment. Our game, once developed and tested, may not be accepted by our
customers at sufficient levels to support our operations and build our business.
If Krypton Jam is not accepted at sufficient levels, our business will fail.

OUR ONLINE VIDEO GAME, WHEN DEVELOPED, MAY CONTAIN DEFECTS THAT WILL MAKE IT
MORE DIFFICULT FOR US TO ESTABLISH AND MAINTAIN CUSTOMERS.

 9
 
Despite testing during development, Krypton Jam may contain undetected design
faults and software errors, or "bugs," that are discovered only after it has
been played by customers. Any such default or error could cause delays in
delivering our product or require design modifications. These could adversely
affect our competitive position and cause us to lose potential customers or
opportunities. In addition, Krypton Jam has yet to gain acceptance in the
market, and any delays or defects would likely have a more detrimental impact on
our business than if we were a more established company.

WE CURRENTLY HAVE NO PROTECTION BY ANY TRADEMARKS, PATENTS AND/OR OTHER
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY REGISTRATIONS. IF WE ARE UNABLE TO PROTECT OUR
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, OUR PROPOSED BUSINESS WILL FAIL.

We have not applied for any trademark, patent or other intellectual property
registration with any governmental agency for our name or for our software
product. At present we are planning to enter into non-disclosure agreements with
employees to protect our technology. Despite our precautions taken to protect
our proposed software programs, unauthorized parties may attempt in the future
to reverse engineer, copy or obtain and use our video game. If they are
successful we could lose our technology or they could develop similar programs,
which could create more competition for us and even cause our proposed business
operations to fail.

WE DEPEND TO A SIGNIFICANT EXTENT ON CERTAIN KEY PERSONNEL, THE LOSS OF ANY OF
WHOM MAY MATERIALLY AND ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR COMPANY.

Currently, we have only one employee who is also our sole officer and director.
We depend entirely on Mr. Qiang for all of our operations. The loss of Mr. Qiang
will have a substantial negative effect on our company and may cause our
business to fail. Mr. Qiang has not been compensated for their services since
our incorporation, and it is highly unlikely that he will receive any
compensation unless and until we generate substantial revenues. There is intense
competition for skilled personnel and there can be no assurance that we will be
able to attract and retain qualified personnel on acceptable terms. The loss of
Mr. Qiang's services could prevent us from completing the development of our
product and developing revenues. In the event of the loss of services of such
personnel, no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain the services
of adequate replacement personnel.

We do not have any employment agreements or maintain key person life insurance
policies on our officer and director. We do not anticipate entering into
employment agreements with him or acquiring key man insurance in the foreseeable
future.

WE HAVE LIMITED BUSINESS, SALES AND MARKETING EXPERIENCE IN OUR INDUSTRY.

We have not completed the development of our product and have yet to generate
revenues. Our officer and director has no prior online video game marketing or
selling industry experience. While we have plans for marketing and sales, there
can be no assurance that such efforts will be successful. There can be no
assurance that our video game will gain wide acceptance in its target market or
that we will be able to effectively market our product.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO COMPETE EFFECTIVELY AGAINST OUR COMPETITORS.

The interactive entertainment video game and software industry is intensely
competitive and new interactive entertainment software products and platforms
are regularly introduced. Our competitors vary in size from small companies with
limited resources to very large corporations with significantly greater
financial, marketing, and product development resources than we have. We would
be considered one of the smallest with no commercial products at present. Due to
their greater resources, our competitors can spend more money and time on
developing and testing products, undertake more extensive marketing campaigns,
adopt more aggressive pricing policies, and pay more to third-party software
developers than we can. In addition, competitors with larger product lines and
popular titles typically have greater leverage with retailers, distributors, and
other customers who may be willing to promote titles with less consumer appeal
in return for access to such competitor's most popular titles. We believe that
the main competitive factors in the interactive entertainment software industry
include: product features and playability; brand name recognition; compatibility
of products with popular platforms; access to distribution channels; quality of
products; ease of use; price; marketing support; and quality of customer
service.

We will be competing with Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony, who publish software for
their respective systems. We also compete with numerous companies licensed by
the platform manufacturers to develop or publish software products for use with

 10
 
their respective systems. These competitors include Activision, Atari, Capcom,
Electronic Arts, Konami, Namco, SCi Entertainment, Sega, Take-Two Interactive
Software, THQ, Ubisoft Entertainment and Vivendi Universal Games, among others.
We face additional competition from the entry of new companies into our market,
including large diversified entertainment companies. We believe that large
diversified entertainment, cable and telecommunications companies, in addition
to large software companies, are increasing their focus on the interactive
entertainment software market, which will likely result in consolidation and
greater competition.

Our current and potential competitors in the online games market segment include
major media companies, traditional video game publishing companies, and
companies that specialize in online games. Competitors in the short session
games segment include MSN, Popcap, Real, AOL and Yahoo!. In the mid and long
session MMOG online game segment, which our product is planned for, our
competitors include Electronic Arts, Jagex, Midway, NC Soft, Ankama Games, Sony
and Vivendi. Hits have captured a significant percentage of overall subscribers
and this trend is expected to continue. Blizzard Entertainment, a division of
Vivendi is the largest competitor in the MMOG market segment with its Wizard of
Warcraft game with in excess of 11.5 million subscribers, which is a
significantly larger market share than its next largest competitor.

The barriers to entry in the internet based interactive entertainment industry,
in which we are planning to operate, are also much lower because there are no
publishing agreements with or royalties to be paid to the hardware
manufacturers.

If we are unable to compete successfully, we could lose sales and market share.
We also could experience difficulty hiring and retaining qualified software
developers and other employees. Any of these consequences would significantly
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to effectively compete with our competitors or
that their present and future offerings would render our product obsolete or
noncompetitive. This intense competition may have a material adverse effect on
our results of operations and financial condition and prevent us from achieving
profitable sales levels of our product.

FUTURE REGULATION OF THE INTERNET AND PRODUCT CONTENT COULD RESTRICT OUR
BUSINESS, PREVENT US FROM OFFERING SERVICE OR INCREASE OUR COST OF DOING
BUSINESS.

At present there are few laws, regulations or rulings that specifically address
access to or commerce on the Internet. We are unable to predict the impact, if
any, that future legislation, legal decisions or regulations concerning the
Internet may have on our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. Regulation may be targeted towards, among other things, assessing
access or settlement charges, imposing taxes related to internet communications,
restricting content, imposing tariffs or regulations based on encryption
concerns or the characteristics and quality of products and services, any of
which could restrict our business or increase our cost of doing business. The
increasing growth and popularity of the Internet and related services heighten
the risk that governments or other legislative bodies will seek to regulate the
service, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and operating results.

Legislation is continually being introduced that may affect both the content of
our product and its distribution. In the United States, the federal and several
state governments are continually considering content restrictions on products
such as our proposed product, as well as restrictions on distribution of such
products. For example, recent legislation has been adopted in several states,
and could be proposed at the federal level, that prohibits the sale of certain
games (e.g., violent games or those with "M (Mature)" or "AO (Adults Only)"
ratings) to minors. Any one or more of these factors could harm our business by
limiting the products we are able to offer to our customers, by limiting the
size of the potential market for our products, and by requiring costly
additional differentiation between products for different territories to address
varying regulations.

OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS ARE ENGAGED IN OTHER ACTIVITIES AND MAY NOT DEVOTE
SUFFICIENT TIME TO OUR AFFAIRS, WHICH MAY AFFECT OUR ABILITY TO CONDUCT
OPERATIONS AND GENERATE REVENUES.

Our officer and director has existing responsibilities and has additional
responsibilities to provide management and services to other entities. Mr. Qiang
is also a Senior Designer & Project Manager for VDZ International in Beijing,
China. We expect Mr. Qiang to spend approximately 25 hours a week on the
business of our company. As a result, demands for the time and attention from
Mr. Qiang from our company and other entities may conflict from time to time.
Because we rely primarily on Mr. Qiang to maintain our business contacts and to

 11
 
promote our product, his limited devotion of time and attention to our business
may hurt the operation of our business.

OUR INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORT STATES THAT THERE IS A SUBSTANTIAL DOUBT THAT
WE WILL BE ABLE TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN.

Our independent auditors, Weinberg & Baer LLC, state in their audit report,
dated May 21, 2010 and included herein, that we are a development stage company,
have no established source of revenue and are dependent on our ability to raise
capital from shareholders or other sources to sustain operations. As a result,
there is a substantial doubt that we will be able to continue as a going
concern.

This qualification clearly highlights that we will, in all likelihood, continue
to incur expenses without significant revenues into the foreseeable future until
our product gains significant popularity. Our only source of funds to date has
been the sale of our common stock and unsecured loans from Mr. Qiang. Because we
cannot currently assure anyone that we will be able to generate enough interest
in our product, or that we will be able to generate any significant revenues or
income, the identification of new sources equity financing becomes significantly
more difficult. If we are successful in closing on any new financing, existing
investors will experience substantial dilution. The ability to obtain debt
financing is also severely impacted, and likely not even feasible, given that we
do not have revenues or profits to pay interest or repay principal.

As a result, if we are unable to obtain additional financing at this stage in
our operations, our business will fail and you may lose some or all of your
investment in our common stock.

INVESTORS WILL HAVE LITTLE VOICE REGARDING THE MANAGEMENT OF KRYPTIC DUE TO THE
LARGE OWNERSHIP POSITION HELD BY OUR EXISTING MANAGEMENT AND THUS IT WOULD BE
DIFFICULT FOR NEW INVESTORS TO MAKE CHANGES IN OUR OPERATIONS OR MANAGEMENT, AND
THEREFORE, SHAREHOLDERS WOULD BE SUBJECT TO DECISIONS MADE BY MANAGEMENT AND THE
MAJORITY SHAREHOLDERS, INCLUDING THE ELECTION OF DIRECTORS.

Mr. Qiang directly owns 4,500,000 shares or 81.83 of the total of 5,499,000
issued and outstanding shares of Kryptic's common stock and is in a position to
continue to control Kryptic. Such control may be risky to the investor, because
our company's operations are dependent on one person who could lack ability or
interest in pursuing our operations. In such event, our business may fail and
you may lose your entire investment. Moreover, investors will not be able to
effect a change in the company's board of directors, business or management.

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH MERGING WITH OR ACQUIRING A NEW BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY

WE WILL REQUIRE ADDITIONAL FINANCING. INADEQUATE FINANCING MAY IMPAIR OUR
ABILITY TO COMPETE IN THE MARKETPLACE WHICH MAY RESULT IN THE DISSOLUTION OF OUR
COMPANY.

We require additional financing to complete a suitable merger or combination
with a business opportunity. Further, we anticipate that we will not have
sufficient capital to fund our ongoing operations for the next twelve months. We
may be required to raise additional financing for a particular business
combination or business opportunity. We would likely secure any additional
financing necessary through a private placement of our common shares.

There can be no assurance that, if required, any such financing will be
available upon terms and conditions acceptable to us, if at all. Our inability
to obtain additional financing in a sufficient amount when needed and upon terms
and conditions acceptable to us could have a materially adverse effect upon our
company. There can be no assurance that such funds will be available or
available on terms satisfactory to us. If additional funds are raised by issuing
equity securities, further dilution to existing or future shareholders is likely
to result. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms when needed,
we may be required to delay, scale back or eliminate the development of any
business opportunity that we acquire. Inadequate funding could also impair our
ability to compete in the marketplace, which may result in the dissolution of
our company.

WE HAVE A LIMITED OPERATING HISTORY AND IF WE ARE NOT SUCCESSFUL IN CONTINUING
TO GROW OUR BUSINESS, THEN WE MAY HAVE TO SCALE BACK OR EVEN CEASE OUR ONGOING
BUSINESS OPERATIONS.

 12
 
We have a limited operating history on which to base an evaluation of our
business and prospects. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks,
uncertainties, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies
seeking to acquire or establish a new business opportunity. Some of these risks
and uncertainties relate to our ability to identify, secure and complete an
acquisition of a suitable business opportunity.

We cannot be sure that we will be successful in addressing these risks and
uncertainties and our failure to do so could have a materially adverse effect on
our financial condition. In addition, our operating results are dependent to a
large degree upon factors outside of our control. There are no assurances that
we will be successful in addressing these risks, and failure to do so may
adversely affect our business.

It is unlikely that we will generate any or significant revenues while we seek a
suitable business opportunity. Our short and long-term prospects depend upon our
ability to select and secure a suitable business opportunity. In order for us to
make a profit, we will need to successfully acquire a new business opportunity
in order to generate revenues in an amount sufficient to cover any and all
future costs and expenses in connection with any such business opportunity. Even
if we become profitable, we may not sustain or increase our profits on a
quarterly or annual basis in the future.

SCARCITY OF AND COMPETITION FOR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES AND COMBINATIONS, PLACE
OUR COMPANY AT A COMPETITIVE DISADVANTAGE IN IDENTIFYING POSSIBLE BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITIES AND SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETING A BUSINESS COMBINATION.

We are, and will continue to be, an insignificant participant amongst numerous
other companies seeking a suitable business opportunity or business combination.
A large number of established and well-financed entities, including venture
capital firms, are actively seeking suitable business opportunities or business
combinations, which may also be desirable target candidates for us. Virtually
all such entities have significantly greater financial resources, technical
expertise and managerial capabilities than we do. We are, consequently, at a
competitive disadvantage in identifying possible business opportunities and
successfully completing a business combination. We will also compete with
numerous other small public companies seeking suitable business opportunities or
business combinations.

THE SUCCESS OF A POTENTIAL MERGER OR COMBINATION WILL DEPEND TO A GREAT EXTENT
ON THE OPERATIONS, FINANCIAL CONDITION AND MANAGEMENT OF ANY IDENTIFIED BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITY.

The success of a potential merger or combination will depend to a great extent
on the operations, financial condition and management of any identified business
opportunity. While we intend to seek business opportunities and/or business
combinations with entities which have established operating histories, there is
no assurance that we will successfully locate business opportunities meeting
such criteria. In the event that we complete a business combination or otherwise
acquire a business opportunity, the success of our operations may be dependent
upon management of the successor firm or venture partner firm, together with a
number of other factors beyond our control.

We currently have no arrangement, agreement, or understanding with respect to
acquiring a business opportunity or engaging in a business combination with any
private entity. There can be no assurance that we will successfully identify and
evaluate suitable business opportunities or conclude a business combination.
There is no assurance that we will be able to negotiate the acquisition of a
business opportunity or a business combination on terms favorable to us. We have
not established a specific length of operating history or a specified level of
earnings, assets, net worth or other criteria which we will require a target
business opportunity to have achieved, and without which we would not consider a
business combination in any form with such business opportunity. Accordingly, we
may enter into a business combination with a business opportunity having no
significant operating history, losses, limited or no potential for earnings,
limited assets, negative net worth or other negative characteristics.

PROBABLE CHANGE IN CONTROL AND MANAGEMENT MAY REDUCE OR ELIMINATE THE
PARTICIPATION OF OUR PRESENT OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS IN THE FUTURE AFFAIRS OF OUR
COMPANY.

A business combination or acquisition of a business opportunity involving the
issuance of our common shares may result in new or incoming shareholders
obtaining a controlling interest in our company. Any such business combination
or acquisition of a business opportunity may require management of our company
to sell or transfer all or a portion of the common shares in the capital of our

 13
 
company that they hold or resign as members of our Board of Directors. The
resulting change in our control could result in removal of one or more of our
present officers and directors, and a corresponding reduction in, or elimination
of, their participation in the future affairs of our company.

REQUIREMENT OF AUDITED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS MAY DISQUALIFY A BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITY.

Management believes that any potential business opportunity or target company
must provide audited financial statements for review and for the protection of
all parties to the business acquisition or combination. One or more attractive
business opportunities may forego a business combination with us rather than
incur the expenses associated with preparing audited financial statements.

A FAILURE TO MANAGE GROWTH EFFECTIVELY COULD HAVE A MATERIALLY ADVERSE EFFECT ON
OUR BUSINESS.

Our ability to achieve any growth upon the acquisition of a suitable business
opportunity or business combination will be dependent upon a number of factors
including, but not limited to, our ability to hire, train and assimilate
management and other employees and the adequacy of our financial resources. In
addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to manage successfully
any business opportunity or business combination. Failure to manage anticipated
growth effectively and efficiently could have a materially adverse effect on our
business.

RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMMON STOCK

DIFFICULTY FOR KRYPTIC STOCKHOLDERS TO RESELL THEIR STOCK DUE TO A LACK OF
PUBLIC TRADING MARKET

There is presently no active public trading market for our common stock, and it
is unlikely that an active public trading market can be established or sustained
in the foreseeable future. Until there is an established trading market, holders
of our common stock may find it difficult to sell their stock or to obtain
accurate quotations for the price of the common stock. If a market for our
common stock does develop, our stock price may be volatile.

BROKER-DEALERS MAY BE DISCOURAGED FROM EFFECTING TRANSACTIONS IN OUR SHARES
BECAUSE THEY ARE CONSIDERED PENNY STOCKS AND ARE SUBJECT TO THE PENNY STOCK
RULES.

Rules 15g-1 through 15g-9 promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
impose sales practice and disclosure requirements on NASD broker-dealers who
make a market in "penny stocks". A penny stock generally includes any non-Nasdaq
equity security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share. Purchases
and sales of our shares are generally facilitated by NASD broker-dealers who act
as market makers for our shares. The additional sales practice and disclosure
requirements imposed upon broker-dealers may discourage broker-dealers from
effecting transactions in our shares, which could severely limit the market
liquidity of the shares and impede the sale of our shares in the secondary
market.

Under the penny stock regulations, a broker-dealer selling penny stock to anyone
other than an established customer or "accredited investor" (generally, an
individual with net worth in excess of 1,000,000 or an annual income exceeding
 200,000, or 300,000 together with his or her spouse) must make a special
suitability determination for the purchaser and must receive the purchaser's
written consent to the transaction prior to sale, unless the broker-dealer or
the transaction is otherwise exempt.

In addition, the penny stock regulations require the broker-dealer to deliver,
prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared
by the Commission relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer
or the transaction is otherwise exempt. A broker-dealer is also required to
disclose commissions payable to the broker-dealer and the registered
representative and current quotations for the securities. Finally, a
broker-dealer is required to send monthly statements disclosing recent price
information with respect to the penny stock held in a customer's account and
information with respect to the limited market in penny stocks.

WE ARE SUBJECT TO THE PERIODIC REPORTING REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, WHICH REQUIRES US TO INCUR AUDIT FEES AND LEGAL FEES IN CONNECTION
WITH THE PREPARATION OF SUCH REPORTS. THESE ADDITIONAL COSTS WILL NEGATIVELY
AFFECT OUR ABILITY TO EARN A PROFIT.

 14
 
We are required to file periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange
Commission pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and
regulations thereunder. In order to comply with such requirements, our
independent registered auditors review our financial statements on a quarterly
basis and audit our financial statements on an annual basis. Moreover, our legal
counsel will have to review and assist in the preparation of such reports. The
costs charged by these professionals for such services cannot be accurately
predicted because factors such as the number and type of transactions that we
engage in and the complexity of our reports will have a major affect on the
amount of time to be spent by our auditors and attorneys. However, the
incurrence of such costs will obviously be an expense to our operations and thus
have a negative effect on our ability to meet our overhead requirements and earn
a profit.

INVESTORS THAT NEED TO RELY ON DIVIDEND INCOME OR LIQUIDITY SHOULD NOT PURCHASE
SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK.

We have not declared or paid any dividends on our common stock since our
inception, and we do not anticipate paying any such dividends for the
foreseeable future. Investors that need to rely on dividend income should not
invest in our common stock, as any income would only come from any rise in the
market price of our common stock, which is uncertain and unpredictable.
Investors that require liquidity should also not invest in our common stock.
There is no established trading market and should one develop, it will likely be
volatile and subject to minimal trading volumes.

BECAUSE WE CAN ISSUE ADDITIONAL SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, PURCHASERS OF OUR COMMON
STOCK MAY INCUR IMMEDIATE DILUTION AND MAY EXPERIENCE FURTHER DILUTION.

We are authorized to issue up to 75,000,000 shares of common stock. At present,
there are 5,499,000 common shares issued and outstanding. Our Board of Directors
has the authority to cause us to issue additional shares of common stock without
consent of any of our stockholders. Consequently, the stockholders may
experience more dilution in their ownership of Kryptic in the future.

SINCE OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OWN A SIGNIFICANT PERCENTAGE OF OUR ISSUED AND
OUTSTANDING COMMON STOCK, ANY FUTURE SALES OF THEIR SHARES MAY RESULT IN A
DECREASE IN THE PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK AND THE VALUE OF OUR STOCKHOLDER'S
INVESTMENT

Our officer and director, currently owns 4,500,000 shares of the total of
5,499,000 issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. He owns 81.83 of
our total outstanding common shares. These shares are currently restricted from
trading and Rule 144, these shares will only be available for resale to the
public if:

 We are no longer a shell company as defined under section 12b-2 of the
 Exchange Act. A "shell company" is defined as a company with no or
 nominal operations, and with no or nominal assets or assets consisting
 solely of cash and cash equivalents.
 We have filed all Exchange Act reports required for the past 12
 months; and
 If applicable, at least one year has elapsed from the time that we
 file current Form 10 information on Form 8-K changing our status from
 a shell company to an entity that is not a shell company.

At present we are considered to be a shell company under the Exchange Act. If we
meet the requirements in the future, our officer and director would be entitled
to sell within any three month period a number of shares that does not exceed
the greater of: 1 of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding
which, in this case, will currently equate to approximately 54,900 shares in
aggregate; or the average weekly trading volume of Kryptic Entertainment common
stock during the four calendar weeks, preceding the filing of a notice on Form
144 with respect to the sale for sales exceeding 5,000 shares or an aggregate
sale price in excess of 50,000. If fewer shares at lesser value are sold, no
Form 144 is required.

The possibility of future sales of significant amounts of shares held by him
could decrease the market price of our common stock if the marketplace does not
orderly adjust to the increase in shares in the market. In such case, the value
of your investment in us will decrease.

OTHER RISKS

ALL OF OUR ASSETS AND OUR OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS ARE LOCATED IN CHINA. THIS MAY
CAUSE ANY ATTEMPTS TO ENFORCE LIABILITIES UNDER THE U.S. SECURITIES AND
BANKRUPTCY LAWS TO BE VERY DIFFICULT.

 15
 
Currently, all of our assets and our officer and director is located in China,
and this is likely to remain so for at least the next 12 months. Therefore, any
investor that attempts to enforce against the company or against any of our
officers and directors liabilities that accrue under U.S. securities laws or
bankruptcy laws will face the difficulty of complying with local laws in these
countries, with regards to enforcement of foreign judgments. This could make it
impracticable or uneconomic to enforce such liabilities.

ITEM 2. DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY.

We do not own any property, real or otherwise. We rent executive office
facilities located at Suite 208, 800 N. Rainbow Blvd, Las Vegas, NV, 89107. This
is a shared office facility, which offers office space and secretarial and
administrative services for 150 monthly. We may cancel upon 30 days written
notice. This location will serve as our primary executive offices for the
foreseeable future. Mr. Qiang also works from his residence in China at no
charge to our company. We plan on contracting all of our software development
activities with third parties for at least the next 12 months, so we have no
requirement for additional facilities for these operations. We have also
obtained host web server space for our website with a third party hosting
business at minimal cost.

Unless we merge, acquire or start a new business, we believe our current
premises are adequate for our current operations and we do not anticipate that
we will require any additional premises in the foreseeable future.

We do not have any investments or interests in any real estate. Our company does
not invest in real estate mortgages, nor does it invest in securities of, or
interests in, persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS.

We are not a party to any legal proceedings, nor are we aware of any
contemplated or pending legal proceedings against us.

 PART II

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS.

In the United States, our common shares are traded on the National Association
of Securities Dealers Inc. OTC Bulletin Board under the symbol "KTCE". Our
common shares are not yet actively traded.

Of the 5,499,000 shares of common stock outstanding as of June 3, 2010,
4,500,000 shares were owned by our sole officer and director, and may only be
resold in compliance with Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933 and are also
subject to the volume and trading limitations of Rule 144 of the Act.

We have no outstanding options or warrants, or other securities convertible into
common stock.

At June 3, 2010 there were 18 holders of record.

Routh Stock Transfer, Suite 200, 6860 N. Dallas Parkway, Plano, Texas, USA 75024
is the registrar and transfer agent for our common shares. Their phone number is
(972) 381-2782 and their fax number is (972) 381-2783.

RULES GOVERNING LOW-PRICE STOCKS THAT MAY AFFECT OUR SHAREHOLDERS' ABILITY TO
RESELL SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK

Quotations on the OTCBB reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail mark-up,
markdown or commission and may not reflect actual transactions. Our common stock
is subject to certain rules adopted by the SEC that regulate broker-dealer
practices in connection with transactions in "penny stocks". Penny stocks
generally are securities with a price of less than 5.00, other than securities
registered on certain national exchanges or quoted on the Nasdaq system,
provided that the exchange or system provides current price and volume

 16
 
information with respect to transaction in such securities. The additional sales
practice and disclosure requirements imposed upon broker-dealers are may
discourage broker-dealers from effecting transactions in our shares which could
severely limit the market liquidity of the shares and impede the sale of our
shares in the secondary market.

The penny stock rules require broker-dealers, prior to a transaction in a penny
stock not otherwise exempt from the rules, to make a special suitability
determination for the purchaser to receive the purchaser's written consent to
the transaction prior to sale, to deliver standardized risk disclosure documents
prepared by the SEC that provides information about penny stocks and the nature
and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also
provide the customer with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock.
In addition, the penny stock regulations require the broker-dealer to deliver,
prior to any transaction involving a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prepared
by the SEC relating to the penny stock market, unless the broker-dealer or the
transaction is otherwise exempt. A broker-dealer is also required to disclose
commissions payable to the broker-dealer and the registered representative and
current quotations for the securities. Finally, a broker-dealer is required to
send monthly statements disclosing recent price information with respect to the
penny stock held in a customer's account and information with respect to the
limited market in penny stocks.

DIVIDENDS

We have not declared any cash dividends, nor do we intend to do so. We are not
subject to any legal restrictions respecting the payment of dividends, except
that they may not be paid to render us insolvent. Dividend policy will be based
on our cash resources and needs and it is anticipated that all available cash
will be needed for our operations in the foreseeable future.

RECENT SALES OF UNREGISTERED SECURITIES

We have sold securities within the past three years without registering the
securities under the Securities Act of 1933 on two separate occasions.

On October 11, 2007 Mr. John Lagourgue, our President and Director, purchased
3,000,000 shares of our common stock for 0.002 per share or an aggregate of
 6,000. On November 24, 2007 Mr. Shan Qiang, our Secretary Treasurer and
Director, purchased 1,500,000 shares of our common stock for 0.002 per share or
an aggregate of 3,000. No underwriters were used, and no commissions or other
remuneration was paid except to Kryptic. The securities were sold in an offshore
transaction relying on Rule 903 of Regulation S of the Securities Act of 1933.
Mr. Lagourgue and Mr. Qiang are not U.S. persons as that term is defined in
Regulation S. No directed selling efforts were made in the United States by
Kryptic, any distributor, any of their respective affiliates or any person
acting on behalf of any of the foregoing. We are subject to Category 3 of Rule
903 of Regulation S and accordingly we implemented the offering restrictions
required by Category 3 of Rule 903 of Regulation S by including a legend on all
offering materials and documents which stated that the shares have not been
registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in
the United States or to US persons unless the shares are registered under the
Securities Act of 1933, or an exemption from the registration requirements of
the Securities Act of 1933 is available. The offering materials and documents
also contained a statement that hedging transactions involving the shares may
not be conducted unless in compliance with the Securities Act of 1933. The
shares continue to be subject to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of 1933.

On March 15, 2008 we accepted subscription agreements that sold 999,000 common
shares to the following 38 subscribers at an offering price of 0.05 per share
for gross offering proceeds of 49,950. This was an offshore transaction
pursuant to Regulation S of the Securities Act. The offering price for the
offshore transactions was established on an arbitrary basis. All of the
following persons are not U.S. persons, as the term is defined under Regulation
S and the sales of our common stock to the following person are made in offshore
transactions as the term is defined under Regulation S. No direct selling
efforts were made in the United States by Kryptic, any distributor, any of our
respective affiliates, or any person acting on behalf of any of the foregoing.
We are subject to Category 3 of Rule 903 of Regulation S and accordingly we
implemented the offering restrictions required by Category 3 of Rule 903 of
Regulation S by including a legend on all offering materials and documents which
stated that the shares have not been registered under the SECURITIES ACT OF 1933
and may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless
the shares are registered under the SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, if an exemption from
registration requirements of the SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 is available. The

 17
 
offering materials and documents also contained a statement that hedging
transactions involving the shares may not be conducted unless in compliance with
the SECURITIES ACT OF 1933.

No underwriters were used, and no commissions or other remuneration was paid
except to the company for any of the above noted.

SALE OF REGISTERED SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS

None.

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

COMMON STOCK

We are authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of
 0.001. We are not authorized to issue shares of preferred stock. At June 3,
2010 there were 5,499,000 common shares outstanding. There are no warrants,
options or convertible securities outstanding. Upon liquidation, dissolution or
winding up of the corporation, the holders of common stock are entitled to share
ratably in all net assets available for distribution to stockholders after
payment to creditors. The common stock is not convertible or redeemable and has
no preemptive, subscription or conversion rights. There are no conversion,
redemption, sinking fund or similar provisions regarding the common stock. Each
outstanding share of common stock is entitled to one vote on all matters
submitted to a vote of stockholders. There are no cumulative voting rights.

Each stockholder is entitled to receive the dividends as may be declared by our
board of directors out of funds legally available for dividends and, in the
event of liquidation, to share pro rata in any distribution of our assets after
payment of liabilities. Our board of directors is not obligated to declare a
dividend. Any future dividends will be subject to the discretion of our board of
directors and will depend upon, among other things, future earnings, the
operating and financial condition of our company, its capital requirements,
general business conditions and other pertinent factors. It is not anticipated
that dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future.

There are no provisions in our articles of incorporation or our bylaws that
would delay, defer or prevent a change in control of our company.

ITEM 7. PLAN OF OPERATION.

The following discussion of the plan of operation, financial condition, results
of operations, cash flows and changes in financial position of our Company
should be read in conjunction with our most recent financial statements and
notes appearing elsewhere in this Form 10-K.

Our immediate priority is to secure suitable financing to continue with our
existing business and the development of our playable demo for the game. This is
critical to to ensure our survival and to preserve our shareholder's investment
in our common shares. We currently have a working capital deficit. If we are not
successful in the short run, our director has indicated that he is willing to
lend our company minimum funds to enable us meet our statutory corporate and
reporting obligations for the next 12 months through unsecured, no interest
loans.

We believe we require a minimum of 940,000 in additional financing to continue
with our business and develop our playable demo over a successive 12 month
period from receipt, which would be expended as follows:

General and administrative 70,000
Legal and accounting 40,000
Identify/research/purchase game engine 350,000
Purchase computer hardware and peripherals 100,000
Purchase software for game engine creation, developers to identify
 pending game engine selected (Licensed Software Packages) 30,000

 18
 
Third party developers required to modify game engine to meet
 standards for online & console based demo for Krypton Jam

 (Specified Software will enable developers to create a specified
 playable demo illustrating 3 dimensional game play ie: reduced
 version of game play to include 3 characters/players, game design
 sports action, 3 realms, in-game elements and design to include
 levels, character abilities, obstacles/quests,
 graphics/interface, physical impacts, environment impacts,
 scoring/victory. (Human Resources - 5 developers budgeted for
 60,000/year) 300,000

Render & output for online version for testing purposes 50,000
 --------
 940,000
 ========

Concurrent with our search for additional financing for our existing business,
we are also actively seeking business opportunities with established business
entities for the merger of a target business with our company. In certain
instances, a target business may wish to become a subsidiary of our company or
may wish to contribute assets to our company rather than merge. We anticipate
that any new acquisition or business opportunities by our company will require
additional financing and that we will close our existing business. There can be
no assurance, however, that we will be able to acquire the financing necessary
to enable us to pursue this new plan. If our company requires additional
financing and we are unable to acquire such funds, our business may fail.

We may seek a business opportunity with entities who have recently commenced
operations, or entities who wish to utilize the public marketplace in order to
raise additional capital in order to expand business development activities, to
develop a new product or service, or for other corporate purposes. We may
acquire assets and establish wholly-owned subsidiaries in various businesses or
acquire existing businesses as subsidiaries.

At this stage, we cannot quantify what additional financing we will require to
complete a combination or merger with another business opportunity, or whether
the opportunity's operations will be profitable.

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS

Our company posted losses of 18,875 for the year ended March 31, 2010 compared
to 52,521 for the year ended March 31, 2009. From inception to March 31, 2010
we have incurred losses of 73,211. The principal components of our losses for
fiscal 2010 include 17,375 of general and administrative costs and 1,500 for
amortization of our website. In 2009 our loss included general and
administrative costs of 21,721, DVD and game based development costs of 29,300
and amortization of our website of 1,500. Our 2009 general & administrative
expense totals include 12,972 for the preparation and filing of our
registration statement.

LIQUIDITY AND CASH RESOURCES

At March 31, 2010 we had a working capital deficit of 15,636 compared to
working capital of 1,739 at March 31, 2009. The deficit includes 18,500 owing
to our director. The amount is unsecured, bears no interest, and is repayable
within 12 months only if there is sufficient cash to do so. At March 31, 2010 we
had 3,614 in cash.

Because we have little remaining cash and not generated any revenue from our
business we need to raise additional funds for the future development of our
business and to respond to unanticipated requirements or expenses. Other than
limited loans from our director to continue with our statutory requirements for
the next 12 months, we do not currently have any arrangements for financing and
we can provide no assurance to investors we will be able to find such financing.
There can be no assurance that additional financing will be available to us, or
on terms that are acceptable. Consequently, we may not be able to proceed with
our intended business plans and our business will then likely fail.

PRODUCT RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT

We plan to develop the playable demo for our game over the next 12 months if we
are successful in raising sufficient financing to do so. Our cost estimates were
discussed previously within this section of our annual report. If we merge,
enter into, or acquire a new business we may undertake product research and
development related to the new business.

 19
 
PURCHASE OF SIGNIFICANT EQUIPMENT

As discussed previously in our 12 month Plan of Operations, we plan to purchase
approximately 480,000 of computer hardware, peripherals, and licensed software
for the development of our playable demo. This includes 350,000 for a game
engine. This equipment may also be used for the development of our game in
future periods. The purchase of this equipment is dependent on the successful
raise of suitable financing. If we merge, enter into, or acquire a new business
we may commit to equipment purchases related to the new business.

EMPLOYEES

Currently our only employees are our directors and officers, If we merge, enter
into, or acquire a new business we may hire additional employees. We may hire 1
or 2 additional administrative and support employees if we are successful in
raising sufficient financing to develop our playable demo over the next 12
months.

GOING CONCERN

We have historically incurred losses. Because of these historical losses, we
will require additional working capital to develop our business operations. We
do not anticipate that we will derive any revenues from operations unless and
until we obtain additional financing to continue with our business or we acquire
a new business opportunity. We have historically raised working capital through
the sale of equity securities and small loans from our Director, but there can
be no assurance that we will be able to continue to do so. There can be no
assurance that we can do so or that, even if we are successful in doing so, we
will be able to operate profitably.

Due to the uncertainty of our ability to meet our current operating expenses and
game development expenses noted above, our independent auditors have included in
their report on our annual financial statements for the year ended March 31,
2010, an explanatory paragraph regarding concerns about our ability to continue
as a going concern. Our financial statements contain additional note disclosures
describing the circumstances that lead to this disclosure by our independent
auditors.

There are no assurances that we will be able to either (1) achieve a level of
revenues adequate to generate sufficient cash flow from operations; or (2)
obtain additional financing through private placements, public offerings and/or
bank financings necessary to support our working capital requirements. As noted
herein, we are pursuing various financing alternatives to meet our immediate and
long-term financial requirements. There can be no assurance that additional
financing will be available to us when needed or, if available, that it can be
obtained on commercially reasonable terms. If we are not able to obtain the
additional financing on a timely basis, we will be unable to conduct our
operations as planned, and we will not be able to meet our other obligations as
they become due. In such event, we will be forced to scale down or perhaps even
cease our operations.

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS

There are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely
to have, a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in
financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity,
capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors.

QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK

We believe our market risk exposures arise primarily from exposures to
fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates. We presently only transact
business in US Dollars. We believe that the exchange rate risk surrounding the
future transactions of the Company will not materially or adversely affect our
future earnings, unless we aquire or merge with a business that is significantly
dependent on foreign exchange transactions, floating interest rate debt or some
other factor. We do not use derivative1 financial instruments to manage risks or
for speculative or trading purposes.

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA.

The financial statements required by this Item begin on Page F-1 of this Form
10-K, and include:

 the report of independent accountants
 balance sheets as of March 31, 2010 and March 31, 2009
 statements of operations, cash flows and stockholders' equity from the
 incorporation date to March 31, 2010
 notes to the financial statements

 20
 
ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND
 FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE.

None.

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

A) EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

We are required to maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that are
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act
reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure. As of March 31, 2010 we conducted an
evaluation, under the supervision, and with the participation of our CEO and
CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls
and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our
disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as described below under
"Material Weaknesses".

Management does not expect that our Disclosure Controls and internal controls
will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well
conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a
control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and
the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of
the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can
provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if
any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include
the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that
breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally,
controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by
collusion of two or more people, or by management or board override of the
control.

The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain
assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential
future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected.

 MANAGEMENT'S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the company's
CEO and CFO and effected by the company's board of directors, management and
other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that:

 Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
 assets of the company;
 Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
 necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance
 with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
 America and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being
 made only in accordance with authorizations of management and
 directors of the company; and

 21
 
 Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection
 of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company's
 assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting
may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. All internal control systems,
no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those
systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with
respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Because of the
inherent limitations of internal control, there is a risk that material
misstatements may not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by internal
control over financial reporting. However, these inherent limitations are known
features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design
into the process safeguards to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk.

As of March 31, 2010 management assessed the effectiveness of our internal
control over financial reporting based on the criteria for effective internal
control over financial reporting established in Internal Control--Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway
Commission ("COSO") and SEC guidance on conducting such assessments. Based on
that evaluation, they concluded that, during the period covered by this report,
such internal controls and procedures were not effective to detect the
inappropriate application of US GAAP rules as more fully described below. This
was due to deficiencies that existed in the design or operation of our internal
controls over financial reporting that adversely affected our internal controls
and that may be considered to be material weaknesses.

IDENTIFIED WEAKNESSES

The matters involving internal controls and procedures that our management
considered to be material weaknesses under the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board was the lack of a functioning audit committee due to
a lack of a majority of independent members and a lack of a majority of outside
directors on our board of directors, resulting in ineffective oversight in the
establishment and monitoring of required internal controls and procedures. This
material weaknesses was identified by our management in connection with the
review of our financial statements as of March 31, 2010.

Management also believes that the lack of a functioning audit committee and the
lack of a majority of outside directors on our board of directors results in
ineffective oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required internal
controls and procedures, which could result in a material misstatement in our
financial statements in future periods.

MANAGEMENT'S REMEDIATION INITIATIVES

In an effort to remediate the identified material weaknesses and other
deficiencies and enhance our internal controls, we have initiated a plan to
appoint one or more outside directors to our board of directors who shall be
appointed to an audit committee resulting in a fully functioning audit committee
who will undertake the oversight in the establishment and monitoring of required
internal controls and procedures such as reviewing and approving estimates and
assumptions made by management.

Management believes that the appointment of one or more outside directors, who
shall be appointed to a fully functioning audit committee, will remedy the lack
of a functioning audit committee and a lack of a majority of outside directors
on our Board. While we are actively seeking outside members, including
candidates with accounting experience, we cannot provide any assurance that we
will be successful. Given the size of our company, lack of revenues and current
lack of financing to continue with our business, it is unlikely that anyone will
agree to join our Board until general economic conditions and our own business
prospects improve significantly.

 22
 
CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There was no change in our internal controls over financial reporting that
occurred during the period covered by this report, which has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls
over financial reporting.

This annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company's
registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's
registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that
permit the Company to provide only the management's report in this annual
report.

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION

None

 PART III

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, PROMOTERS AND CONTROL PERSONS

All directors of our company hold office until the next annual meeting of the
stockholders or until their successors have been elected and qualified. The
officers of our company are appointed by our board of directors and hold office
until their death, resignation or removal from office. Our directors and
executive officers, their ages, positions held, and duration as such, are as
follows:

 Date First Elected
 Name Position Held with the Company Age or Appointed
 ---- ------------------------------ --- ------------

Shan Qiang President, CEO, Secretary, Treasurer, 41 October 30, 2007
 CFO and Director

BUSINESS EXPERIENCE

The following is a brief account of the education and business experience of
each director and executive officer during at least the past five years,
indicating each person's business experience, principal occupation during the
period, and the name and principal business of the organization by which he was
employed.

MR. SHAN QIANG, SECRETARY TREASURER, CFO, MEMBER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Mr. Qiang has been serving as our Secretary, CFO and a member of our Board of
Directors since October 30, 2007. He has served as our President and CEO since
November 5, 2009, concurrent with the resignation of Mr. John Lagourgue. The
term of his office is for one year and is renewable on an annual basis.

He is the currently the Senior Designer & Project Manager for VDZ International
in Beijing, China. He has acted in this position since June 2004. He is
responsible for all computer drafting, 3D rendering, design proposals and
government submissions for the company. From February 2000 to April 2004 he was
the Project Manager, for Digital Xtong Industrial in Beijing, China. He was
responsible for managing for multiplayer PlayStation games, including game play
implementation and design using proprietary software tools. His responsibilities
included management of the lead designers and programmers and overseeing game
play functionality under tight deadlines. He also planned, designed, modeled and
textured demonstration models. From January 1997 to December 1999 he acted as a
game play consultant for Gai Nyen Dynasty Games, in Hong Kong, China. He created
software modules to manage script content and implemented design tools to aid
the scripting team. He developed written tutorials for communicating in-game
standards and toolset specific for the game engine team. He also designed the
core game play mechanics, laid out and implemented all game levels, and managed
all in game assets.

He is fluent in Java, C/C++, Visual Basic, LUA, Unreal Script, NWN Script, Maya
Embedded Language, Lingo, python, HTML, PHP, JSP, XML, WML, ASP, JavaScript
programming languages for Windows, Linux, Apple operating system platforms. He
is also fluent with many off the shelf and proprietary graphic, automation and
audio software tools.

 23
 
He received a Bachelor Degree of Architecture in 1992 from the JinLin Institute
of Architectural Engineering in the JiLin Province of China.

Mr. Qiang is currently devoting approximately 25 hours a week of his time to
Kryptic, and is planning to continue to do so during the next 12 months of
operation.

He is not an officer or director of any reporting company that files annual,
quarterly, or periodic reports with the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission.

COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

We do not have an audit or compensation committee at this time.

AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT

We currenly do not have an audit committee financial expert, or an independent
audit committee expert on our Board of Directors.

FAMILY RELATIONSHIPS

There are no family relationships.

INVOLVEMENT IN CERTAIN LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

Our director, executive officer and control person has not been involved in any
of the following events during the past five years:

 1. any bankruptcy petition filed by or against any business of which such
 person was a general partner or executive officer either at the time
 of the bankruptcy or within two years prior to that time;
 2. any conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending
 criminal proceeding (excluding traffic violations and other minor
 offenses);
 3. being subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently
 reversed, suspended or vacated, of any court of competent
 jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining, barring,
 suspending or otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of
 business, securities or banking activities; or
 4. being found by a court of competent jurisdiction (in a civil action),
 the Commission or the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to have
 violated a federal or state securities or commodities law, and the
 judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated.

CONFLICT OF INTEREST

None of our officers or directors are subject to a conflict of interest.

SECTION 16(a) BENEFICIAL OWNERSHIP REPORTING

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our
executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a
registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and
Exchange Commission initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of
changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common
stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive
officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the
Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish us with copies of all
Section 16(a) reports they file.

To the best of our knowledge, our executive officer and director filed his Form
3 and Form 4 reports on a timely basis.

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION.

The following table sets forth information with respect to compensation paid by
us to our officers from our date of incorporation on September 17, 2007 to March
31, 2010.

 24

Change in
 Pension
 Value &
 Non-Equity Nonqualified
 Incentive Deferred All
 Name and Plan Compen- Other
 Principal Stock Option Compen- sation Compen-
 Position Year Salary( Bonus( Awards( Awards( sation( Earnings( sation( Totals( - ------------ ---- --------- -------- --------- --------- --------- ----------- --------- ---------
 
Shan Qiang (1) 2010 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
President, CEO 2009 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Secretary 2008 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Treasurer

John Lagourgue (1) 2010 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
President & CEO 2009 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
 2008 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- ----------
(1) John Lagougue resigned as President & CEO on November 5, 2009 and was
 concurrently replaced by Mr. Shan Qiang.

Since our date of incorporation to the date hereof, our executive officers have
not received and are not accruing any compensation. The officers anticipate that
they will not receive, accrue, earn, be paid or awarded any compensation during
the first year of operations. We have not entered into any employment agreement
or consulting agreement with our directors and executive officers.

The following table sets forth information with respect to compensation paid by
us to our directors from our date of incorporation on September 17, 2007 to
March 31, 2010.

DIRECTOR COMPENSATION TABLE

Change in
 Pension
 Fees Value and
 Earned Non-Equity Nonqualified All
 or Incentive Deferred Other
 Paid in Stock Option Plan Compensation Compen-
 Name Cash( Awards( Awards( Compensation( Earnings( sation( Total( ---- ------- --------- --------- --------------- ----------- --------- --------
 
Shan Qiang 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

John Lagourgue (1) 0 0 0 0 0 0 0

- ----------
(1) John Lagourgue resigned as a Director on November 5, 2009.

All compensation received by the officers and directors has been disclosed.

OPTION/SAR GRANTS

There are no stock option, retirement, pension, or profit sharing plans for the
benefit of our officers and directors.

 25
 
LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN AWARDS

We do not have any long-term incentive plans.

DIRECTORS COMPENSATION

We have no formal plan for compensating our directors for their services in
their capacity as directors. Directors are entitled to reimbursement for
reasonable travel and other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with
attendance at meetings of our board of directors. The board of directors may
award special remuneration to any director undertaking any special services on
behalf of our company other than services ordinarily required of a director.
Since inception to the date hereof, no director received and/or accrued any
compensation for his or her services as a director, including committee
participation and/or special assignments.

The Executive Officers have not received any compensation since the date of
incorporation of our Company, and we did not accrue any compensation. There are
no securities authorized for issuance under any equity compensation plan, or any
options, warrants, or rights to purchase our common stock.

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT.

The following table sets forth certain information, as of June 3, 2010 with
respect to any person (including any "group", as that term is used in Section
13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange
Act")) who is known to the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than five
percent of any class of the Company's voting securities, and as to those shares
of the Company's equity securities beneficially owned by each its director, the
executive officers of the company and all of its directors and executive
officers of the Company and all of its directors and executive officers as a
group. Unless otherwise specified in the table below, such information, other
than information with respect to the directors and officers of the Company, is
based on a review of statements filed, with the Securities and Exchange
commission (the "Commission") pursuant to Sections 13 (d), 13 (f), and 13 (g) of
the Exchange Act with respect to the Company's Common Stock. As of June 3, 2010,
there were 5,499,000 shares of Common Stock outstanding.

The number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by each person is
determined under the rules of the Commission and the information is not
necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Under such
rules, beneficial ownership includes any shares as to which such person has sole
or shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the
individual has the right to acquire within 60 days after the date hereof,
through the exercise of any stock option, warrant or other right. Unless
otherwise indicated, each person has sole investment and voting power (or shares
such power with his or her spouse) with respect to the shares set forth in the
following table. The inclusion herein of any shares deemed beneficially owned
does not constitute an admission of beneficial ownership of those shares.

The table also shows the number of shares beneficially owned as of June 3, 2010
by each of the individual directors and executive officers and by all directors
and executive officers as a group.

 Amount and
 Nature of Percent
Title of Beneficial of
 Class Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Ownership Class(2)
 ----- ------------------------------------ --------- --------
Common Shan Qiang 4,500,000 81.83 
 No 21, Xikanghutong, Chaoyang District
 Changchun City, China 130021

Common Directors and officers as a group(1) 4,500,000 81.83 

- ----------
1. Represents beneficial ownership
2. Based on the total of 5,499,000 outstanding common shares as of the date
 hereof

Percent of Ownership is calculated in accordance with the Securities and
Exchange Commission's Rule 13(d) - 13(d)(1)

 26
 
ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS.

Other than the transactions discussed below, we have not entered into any
transaction nor are there any proposed transactions in which any director,
executive officer, shareholder of Kryptic or any member of the immediate family
of any of the foregoing had or is to have a direct or indirect material
interest.

In early 2008, our Officers and Directors estimate they spent approximately 180
hours on research and execution of a Krypton Jam game development plan. They
provided these services free of charge. This plan includes a detailed overview
related to storyline, in-game character and realm development, game engine
timeline, and unique game features. The plan was developed to provide an
internal road map for the overall game development plan and a clear direction
for the next steps of engaging a creative development firm for the creation of
the DVD trailer.

On October 11, 2007 Mr. John Lagourgue purchased 3,000,000 shares of our common
stock for 0.002 per share, or for an aggregate of 6,000.00. On November 24,
2007 Mr. Shan Qiang purchased 1,500,000 shares of our common stock for 0.002
per share, or for an aggregate of 3,000.00.

On November 6, 2009 Mr. Qiang acquired 3,000,000 common shares from Mr. John
Lagourgue, a former director and officer of the Issuer, for the total
consideration of US 6,000, pursuant to the terms of a share purchase agreement.
The consideration for the acquisition was paid from the personal funds of Mr.
Qiang.

All of these shares continue to be subject to Rule 144 of the Securities Act of
1933.

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES.

AUDIT FEES.

The aggregate fees billed by our auditors, for professional services rendered
for the audit of our annual financial statements for the year ended March 31,
2010 and 2009, and for the reviews of the financial statements included in our
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q during that fiscal year were 6,850 and 6,900
respectively. 2009 includes the aggregate fees billed by our auditors, for
professional services rendered for the re-audit of our annual financial
statements for the year ended March 31, 2009 because of the PCAOB ruling
regarding Moore and Associates, Chartered, were 2,500.

AUDIT RELATED FEES.

We incurred nil fees to auditors for audit related fees during the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2010 and 2009.

TAX FEES.

We incurred 250 in fees to auditors for tax compliance, tax advice or tax
compliance services for each of the fiscal years ended March 31, 2010 and 2009.

ALL OTHER FEES.

We did not incur any other fees billed by auditors for services rendered to our
Company, other than the services covered in "Audit Fees" for the fiscal year
ended March 31, 2010 and 2009.

The Board of Directors has considered whether the provision of non-audit
services is compatible with maintaining the principal accountant's independence.

 27
 
ITEM 15. EXHIBITS.

3.1 Articles of Incorporation 

3.2 By-laws 

31.1 Section 302 Certification - Chief Executive and Financial Officer

32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant
 to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 - Chief Executive and
 Financial Officer.

- ----------
 Incorporated by reference to our S-1 Registration Statement filed on May
 23, 2008, SEC File Number 333-151141.

28
 
 SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its
behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on this 3rd day of June,
2010

 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.

Date: June 3, 2010 By: /s/ Shan Qiang
 ----------------------------------------
 Name: Shan Qiang
 Title: President, CEO, Secretary Treasurer
 and Director
 (Principal Executive, Accounting and
 Financial Officer)

29
 
 REPORT OF REGISTERED INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Kryptic Entertainment, Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Kryptic Entertainment, Inc.
(a Nevada corporation in the development stage) as of March 31, 2010 and 2009,
and the related statement of operations, stockholders' equity, and cash flows
for the periods ended March 31, 2010 and 2009, and from inception (October 11,
2007) through March 31, 2010. These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
these financial statements based on our audit.

We conducted our audit in accordance with standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States of America). Those standards require
that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not
required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal
control over financial reporting. Our audit included consideration of internal
control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that
are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial
reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining,
on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the
financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the
overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our audit provides a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in
all material respects, the financial position of Kryptic Entertainment, Inc. as
of March 31, 2010 and 2009, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for the periods ended March 31, 2010 and 2009, and from inception (October 11,
2007) through March 31, 2010, in conformity with accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America.

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 3 to the
financial statements, the Company is in the development stage, and has not
established any source of revenue to cover its operating costs. As such, it has
incurred an operating loss since inception. Further, as of March 31, 2010, the
cash resources of the Company were insufficient to meet its planned business
objectives. These and other factors raise substantial doubt about the Company's
ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plan regarding these
matters is also described in Note 3 to the financial statements. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty.

Respectfully submitted,

/s/ Weinberg & Baer LLC
- ----------------------------------
Weinberg & Baer LLC
Baltimore, Maryland
May 21, 2010

 F-1
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 BALANCE SHEETS

March 31, March 31,
 2010 2009
 -------- --------
 
ASSETS

Current assets
 Cash and bank accounts 3,614 2,489
 -------- --------

 Total current assets 3,614 2,489

Website, net of accumulated amortization (Note 7) 1,375 2,875
 -------- --------

Total assets 4,989 5,364
 ======== ========

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT

Current liabilities
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 750 750
 Due to director (Note 5) 18,500 --
 -------- --------

 Total current liabilities 19,250 750
 -------- --------
Stockholders' deficit (Note 4,5)
 Authorized:
 75,000,000 common shares
 Par value 0.001
 Issued and outstanding:
 5,499,000 common shares 5,499 5,499
 Additional paid-in capital 53,451 53,451
 Deficit accumulated during the development stage (73,211) (54,336)
 -------- --------

Total stockholders' deficit (14,261) 4,614
 -------- --------

Total liabilities and stockholders' deficit 4,989 5,364
 ======== ========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

 F-2
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS

Date of
 Incorporation on
 Year Ended Year Ended October 11, 2007 to
 March 31, March 31, March 31,
 2010 2009 2010
 ---------- ---------- ----------
 
REVENUE -- -- --
 ---------- ---------- ----------
OPERATING EXPENSES
 Amortization 1,500 1,500 3,125
 Game development costs -- 29,300 29,300
 General & administrative 17,375 21,721 40,166
 Organization -- -- 620
 ---------- ---------- ----------
Loss before income taxes (18,875) (52,521) (73,211)

Provision for income taxes -- -- --
 ---------- ---------- ----------

Net loss (18,875) (52,521) (73,211)
 ========== ========== ==========

Basic and diluted loss per Common share (1)

Weighted average number of common shares
 outstanding (Note 4) 5,499,000 5,499,000
 ========== ==========

- ----------
(1) less than 0.01

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

 F-3
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT

Deficit
 Accumulated
 Common Stock Additional During the Total
 -------------------- Paid in Development Stockholders'
 Shares Amount Capital Stage Equity
 ------ ------ ------- ----- ------
 
Inception, October 11, 2007 -- -- -- -- --

Initial capitalization, sale of
 common stock to Director on
 October 11, 2007 3,000,000 3,000 3,000 6,000

Sale of common stock to Director
 on November 24, 2007 1,500,000 1,500 1,500 3,000

Private placement closed
 March 15, 2008 999,000 999 48,951 49,950

Net loss for the period -- -- -- (1,815) (1,815)
 --------- ------- -------- --------- --------
Balance March 31, 2008 5,499,000 5,499 53,451 (1,815) 57,135

Net loss for the year -- -- -- (52,521) (52,521)
 --------- ------- -------- --------- --------
Balance March 31, 2009 5,499,000 5,499 53,451 (54,336) 4,614

Net loss for the year -- -- -- (18,875) (18,875)
 --------- ------- -------- --------- --------

Balance March 31, 2010 5,499,000 5,499 53,451 (73,211) (14,261)
 ========= ======= ======== ========= ========

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

 F-4
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Date of
 Incorporation on
 Year Ended Year Ended October 11, 2007 to
 March 31, March 31, March 31,
 2010 2009 2010
 -------- -------- --------
 
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
 Net loss for the period (18,875) (52,521) (73,211)
 Adjustments To Reconcile Net Loss To Net
 Cash Used In Operating Activities
 Amortization expense 1,500 1,500 3,125
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities -- (750) 750
 -------- -------- --------

Net cash used for operating activities (17,375) (51,771) (69,336)
 -------- -------- --------
INVESTING ACTIVITIES
 Website -- -- (4,500)
 -------- -------- --------

Net cash used for investing activities -- -- (4,500)
 -------- -------- --------
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
 Due to director 18,500 -- 18,500
 Proceeds from issuance of common stock -- -- 58,950
 -------- -------- --------

Net cash provided by financing activities 18,500 -- 77,450
 -------- -------- --------

Increase (decrease) in cash during the period 1,125 (51,771) 3,614

Cash, beginning of the period 2,489 54,260 --
 -------- -------- --------

Cash, end of the period 3,614 2,489 3,614
 ======== ======== ========

Supplemental disclosure with respect to cash flows:
 Cash paid for income taxes -- -- --
 Cash paid for interest -- -- --

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.

 F-5
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 March 31, 2010

NOTE 1. GENERAL ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS

The Company was originally incorporated under the laws of the state of Nevada on
October 11, 2007. The Company has limited operations and is considered a
development stage company, and has had no revenues from operations to date.

Initial operations have included organization, capital formation, target market
identification, and marketing plans. Management is planning to develop and then
market an internet based online video game to prospective users.

NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING PRACTICES

The relevant accounting policies and procedures are listed below. The company
has adopted a March 31 year end.

ACCOUNTING BASIS

The basis is generally accepted accounting principles.

EARNINGS PER SHARE

The basic earnings (loss) per share is calculated by dividing the Company's net
income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common
shares during the year. The diluted earnings (loss) per share is calculated by
dividing the Company's net income (loss) available to common shareholders by the
diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The
diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted
number of shares adjusted as of the first of the year for any potentially
dilutive debt or equity.

The Company has not issued any options or warrants or similar securities since
inception.

DIVIDENDS

The Company has not yet adopted any policy regarding payment of dividends. No
dividends have been paid during the periods shown.

CASH AND BANK ACCOUNTS

The Company's bank account is not FDIC insured.

 F-6
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 March 31, 2010

NOTE 2. (CONTINUED)

FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION

The Company has adopted the US dollar as its functional and reporting currency
because all of its transactions are denominated in US currency.

CASH EQUIVALENTS

The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturity of three
months or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.

FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The Company estimates the fair value of financial instruments using the
available market information and valuation methods. Considerable judgment is
required in estimating fair value. Accordingly, the estimates of fair value may
not be indicative of the amounts the Company could realize in a current market
exchange. As of March 31, 2010 the carrying value of accrued liabilities and
amounts due to a director approximated fair value due to the short-term nature
and maturity of these instruments.

INCOME TAXES

A deferred tax asset or liability is recorded for all temporary differences
between financial and tax reporting and net operating loss carryforwards.
Deferred tax expense (benefit) results from the net change during the year of
deferred tax assets and liabilities.

Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of
management, it is more likely than not that some portion, or all of the deferred
tax assets, will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are
adjusted for the effects of changes in tax laws and rates on the date of
enactment.

USE OF ESTIMATES

The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during
the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.

WEBSITE COSTS

Website costs consist of software development costs, which represent capitalized
costs of design, configuration, coding, installation and testing of the
Company's website up to its initial implementation. Upon implementation in March
2008, the asset is being amortized to expense over its estimated useful life of

 F-7
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 March 31, 2010

NOTE 2. (CONTINUED)

three years using the straight-line method. Ongoing website post-implementation
costs of operation, including training and application maintenance, will be
charged to expense as incurred. See Note 7.

NOTE 3. GOING CONCERN

The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the
Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates, among other
things, the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the normal
course of business. The Company has net losses for the period from inception to
March 31, 2010 of 73,211. The Company intends to fund operations through sales
and equity financing arrangements, which may be insufficient to fund its capital
expenditures, working capital and other cash requirements through the next
fiscal year ending March 31, 2011.

The ability of the Company to emerge from the development stage is dependent
upon the Company's successful efforts to raise sufficient capital and then
attaining profitable operations. In response to these problems, management has
planned the following actions:

 The Company has cleared a Registration Statement with the SEC and
 obtained a trading symbol to trade its common shares on the OTCBB.

 Management intends to raise additional funds through public or private
 placement offerings.

 Management is currently formulating plans to develop an internet based
 online video game to generate sales. There can be no assurances,
 however, that management's expectations of future sales will be
 realized.

These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability
to continue as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

 F-8
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 March 31, 2010

NOTE 4. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY

AUTHORIZED

The Company is authorized to issue 75,000,000 shares of 0.001 par value common
stock. All common stock shares have equal voting rights, are non-assessable and
have one vote per share. Voting rights are not cumulative and, therefore, the
holders of more than 50 of the common stock could, if they choose to do so,
elect all of the directors of the Company.

ISSUED AND OUTSTANDING

On October 11, 2007 (inception), the Company issued 3,000,000 common shares to
its President and Director for cash of 6,000. See Note 5.

On November 24, 2007 the Company issued 1,500,000 common shares to its Secretary
Treasurer and Director for cash of 3,000. See Note 5.

On March 15, 2008, the Company closed a private placement for 999,000 common
shares at a price of 0.05 per share, or an aggregate of 49,950. The Company
accepted subscriptions from 38 offshore non-affiliated investors.

NOTE 5. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

The Company neither owns nor leases any real or personal property. The Company's
officer and director provides office space free of charge. He is involved in
other business activities and may, in the future, become involved in other
business opportunities. If a specific business opportunity becomes available,
such persons may face a conflict in selecting between the Company and their
other business interests. The Company has not formulated a policy for the
resolution of such conflicts.

The amount due to a director of 18,500 has no repayment terms, is unsecured
without interest and is for reimbursement of company incorporation and general
operating expenses. The company plans to pay the amount within the next 12
months, if it has sufficient cash to do so.

On October 11, 2007 and November 24, 2007, the Company issued 3,000,000 and
1,500,000 shares of its common stock respectively to its Directors for cash of
 9,000. See Note 4.

 F-9
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 March 31, 2010

NOTE 6. INCOME TAXES

Net deferred tax assets are nil 4,719 and 13,130 as of March 31, 2010 and
2009, respectively, less valuation allowances in the same amounts). Realization
of deferred tax assets is dependent upon sufficient future taxable income during
the period that deductible temporary differences and carry-forwards are expected
to be available to reduce taxable income. As the achievement of required future
taxable income is uncertain, the Company recorded a 100 valuation allowance.
Management believes it is likely that any deferred tax assets will not be
realized.

As of its last fiscal year end, the Company has a net operating loss carry
forward of approximately 73,211 of which 1,815 will expire by March 31, 2028,
 52,521 by March 31, 2029 and the balance of 18,875 by March 31, 2030.

NOTE 7. WEBSITE

 Accumulated
 Cost amortization Net book value
 ---- ------------ --------------

 Website costs 4,500 3,125 1,375
 ====== ====== ======

Website costs are amortized on a straight line basis over 3 years, its estimated
useful life.

NOTE 8. OPERATING LEASES AND OTHER COMMITMENTS

The Company currently has no operating lease commitments or any other
commitments.

NOTE 9. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

In April 2009, the FASB issued FSP No. FAS 157-4, "Determining Fair Value When
the Volume and Level of Activity for the Asset or Liability Have Significantly
Decreased and Identifying Transactions That Are Not Orderly" ("FSP FAS 157-4"),
codified in FASB ASC 820-10-65, which provides additional guidance for
estimating fair value in accordance with ASC 820-10 when the volume and level of
activity for an asset or liability have significantly decreased. ASC 820-10-65
also includes guidance on identifying circumstances that indicate a transaction
is not orderly. The adoption of ASC 820-10-65 did not have an impact on the
Company's results of operations or financial condition.

 F-10
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 March 31, 2010

NOTE 9. (CONTINUED)

In May 2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 165, "Subsequent Events" ("SFAS 165")
codified in FASB ASC 855-10-05, which provides guidance to establish general
standards of accounting for and disclosures of events that occur after the
balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or are available
to be issued. FASB ASC 855-10-05 is effective for interim and annual periods
ending after June 15, 2009. FASB ASC 855-10-05 requires that public entities
evaluate subsequent events through the date that the financial statements are
issued.

In June 2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 166, "Accounting for Transfers of
Financial Assets - an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140" ("SFAS 166"),
codified as FASB ASC 860, which requires entities to provide more information
regarding sales of securitized financial assets and similar transactions,
particularly if the entity has continuing exposure to the risks related to
transferred financial assets. FASB ASC 860 eliminates the concept of a
"qualifying special-purpose entity," changes the requirements for derecognizing
financial assets and requires additional disclosures. FASB ASC 860 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2009. The adoption of FASB ASC 860
did not have an impact on the Company's financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows.

In June 2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 167, "Amendments to FASB Interpretation
No. 46(R)" ("SFAS 167"), codified as FASB ASC 810-10, which modifies how a
company determines when an entity that is insufficiently capitalized or is not
controlled through voting (or similar rights) should be consolidated. FASB ASC
810-10 clarifies that the determination of whether a company is required to
consolidate an entity is based on, among other things, an entity's purpose and
design and a company's ability to direct the activities of the entity that most
significantly impact the entity's economic performance. FASB ASC 810-10 requires
an ongoing reassessment of whether a company is the primary beneficiary of a
variable interest entity. FASB ASC 810-10 also requires additional disclosures
about a company's involvement in variable interest entities and any significant
changes in risk exposure due to that involvement. FASB ASC 810-10 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after November 15, 2009. The adoption of FASB ASC
810-10 did not have an impact on the Company's financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows.

In June 2009, the FASB issued FASB ASC 105, Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles, which establishes the FASB Accounting Standards Codification as the
sole source of authoritative generally accepted accounting principles. Pursuant

 F-11
 
 KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC.
 (A Development Stage Company)

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 March 31, 2010

NOTE 9. (CONTINUED)

to the provisions of FASB ASC 105, we have updated references to GAAP in our
financial statements. The adoption of FASB ASC 105 did not impact the Company's
financial position or results of operations.

F-12

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.txt
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION
 
 EXHIBIT 31.1

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SS. 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I, Shan Qiang certify that:

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10 K of Kryptic Entertainment
 Inc.;

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of
 a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
 were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
 report;

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
 information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of
 the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
 procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for
 the Company and have:

 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such
 disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
 supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the
 Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us
 by others within those entities, particularly during the period in
 which this report is being prepared;
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused
 such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
 our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the
 reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
 statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles;
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company's disclosure controls and
 procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end
 of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Company's internal control
 over financial reporting that occurred during the Company's most
 recent fiscal quarter (the Company's fourth fiscal quarter in the case
 of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
 likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over
 financial reporting; and

5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
 over financial reporting, to the Company's auditors and the board of
 directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or
 operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company's ability to record,
 process, summarize and report financial information; and
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
 employees who have a significant role in the Company's internal
 control over financial reporting.

Date: June 3, 2010

By: /s/ Shan Qiang
 -------------------------------------------------------
 Shan Qiang
 President, CEO, Secretary Treasurer and Director
 (Principal Executive, Accounting and Financial Officer)

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ex32-1.txt
 SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION
 
 EXHIBIT 32.1

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO
 18 U.S.C. 1350,
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In connection with the Annual Report of KRYPTIC ENTERTAINMENT INC. (the
"Company") on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2010, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Shan
Qiang, President, CEO and Secretary Treasurer of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002, that:

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.

/s/ Shan Qiang
 -------------------------------------------------------
Date: June 3, 2010 Shan Qiang
 President, CEO, Secretary Treasurer and Director
 (Principal Executive, Accounting and Financial Officer)

</EX-32.1>

